	1
"      !    ,           ,          . ,   !    SONY,     ,   ""XPERIA""     .     ,    """"  ,   ,   ""  Sony z1 mini""     )   ,      ,      .       ,     .  , ,       !   ,      ,   !    ""   ""?  ,   ...       ,       ! ,       ,    ."	0
"   ,  !"	1
"  As of this review there are Note 5's on the market. Picked up a new Note 3 for less than 1/2 the cost of the newest model. At less then $300 buying the phone outright is better than making payments to a carrier in my opinion.    I like the big screen on this phone. It's easier to read text, watch videos, and view images. The S-pen makes it easy and fast to interact with the phone's many features.   If your primary needs are for text and phone this Note 3 is probably more than you'd need.    If you want an easy to view screen combined with features of a notepad this Samsung is a good choice."	1
 .  .	1
 Great condition product! Was as described on listing! Very reasonable price and fast shipping. Great seller! :-)	1
 It is bullshit 	0
 thanks a million times really appreciate you sending me another phone charger you are a five star general one love	1
&lt;3 babe bla bla bla jfkksjlahflahuifawenflahfiuwshabfnwjbsaldjfvajfbvjksba vjblkjsdbvjkfabnd bvfadjbvdafbvkjbfdjkahdsfvbfdabvhbfbjdbvhdafbjvbfjdhabvfldbfvjhbfaurihwiluhfajrkbnfv sdahfjabfvfhdsfhavfbualsbnfhdsabmnalaiaEWdnjksbfvszalsjzdbjdzbsnjvdSJBVJSvbmnfdsbvjfbdnbskbvdmnfbvfbsjhbvfjkshklfdvbjhlbfdvjslhbvfufdilhvifudshviduflshfvdlsvlsyvdsfvfdslvdfsvdfsbvfdsvdfsbvdbvdslvbdlsbfvdfslbvfdlsfbvdlfs bla bla bla	1
"...EVER larger phones (even Apple admitted such by introducing their 4"" screen version!), but this smaller Samsung mini has - so far - been excellent!"	1
10 out of 10.........	1
3 phones and still not one will work right   newest one i cant even get hooked up   problem after problem	0
A couple of weeks ago my phone went out on me and stopped working. I was in desperate need of a replacement and saw them selling the exact same phone for a great price and couldnt believe it! it was listed as used so i expected a little ware.i had to try though needless to say some lucky bidding n a few days later i was surprised with a phone that looked new out of box deff. blown away and would do business again thank u so much!   Hope ur around for a long time	1
A great way to purchase a phone without signing a contract. Recommend everyone to purchase items from Ebay.	1
"A rare example of smart phones with qwerty keyboard, and this is good. The old version of the android, but it is solved. Not such a great performance, but for surfing and communication lacking in abundance, you can run some games."	1
A+ description and value....	1
"About two weeks ago,  I sold a phone to a friend of mine, and it just so happened that i drop the phone by accident and it broke. i then decided to replace that phone for this one, at the time it look like a great offer, after reading the description twice, i decided to bid on it. i won the item.   It arrive very fast, that&apos;s good, but it was incomplete. The seller send the phone but misplaced the battery, and told me that the phone comes without a back cover. The charger is not for this LG phone, the one the seller send me is for a samsung phone, not LG.    I am not the king of person that likes to leave negative feedback at all, I rather communicate first and try to work things out, the last resort is a negative.    I requested the seller for a refund, but if I had the need to buy a phone on e bay again, it will not be from this seller, and I hope that anyone that reads this would think about it, before giving your money away.    this is why I never had a chance to use the phone."	0
Actually bought it for my dad because he was frustrated with the newer phones. He just wanted a phone that&apos;s it. This works great for him. Plus he no longer butt dials people	1
After 7 days from date of Pay Pal payment I still do not have the phone.  The listing stated delivery 3-7 days.  Now it has changed to unknown???  Don&apos;t count on getting what you pay for with free shipping in a timely manner.  I would have bought a similar item and paid for shipping had I known I could not count on a delivery by the 7th day from payment.	0
"After having to buy two phones because the first was mailed to the wrong address and the sender refused the change of address, the phone is okay. Better than first turbo in speed but shatter proof screen is made of a soft material that scratches easily. Also the ""good"" condition mentioned. The phone had a good amount of dings and dents in it. So not exactly the easy nice refurbished phone they described."	0
"After reading several reviews online, it appears this is the best phone for assurance wireless. So that&apos;s why I got it ...  The camera feature is decent. Easy to text. Battery life decent. Fairly tough exterior (i&apos;m a klutz and it&apos;s surviving me). Excellent screen lock feature. No pocket dialing.     True it&apos;s no iPhone or android, but seeing as neither of those is an option with assurance wireless it&apos;s the best you can get. And I like it. :)    Plus it&apos;s fairly easy to find screen guards and cases for this model. So that&apos;s a nice plus."	1
All buttons fell off within 2 weeks. 	0
"ALL YOU HAVE TO GO BY IS THE SELLERS WORD. THEY TAKE PICTURES OF A NEW PHONE THEN SEND YOU THE BIGGEST PIECE OF CRAP. THIS PHONE SOULD HAVE BEEN PUT IN THE GABARGE. I WOULD GUESS THAT 90% OF THE SELLERS ON E-BAY TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THE BUYERS. YOUR FEEDBACK SYSTEM DOES NOT WORK!! IF I WOULD LEAVE NEGATIVE FEEDBACK FOR THIS SELLER, HE IN TURN WOULD LEAVE NEGATIVE FEEDBACK ON ME WHEN I HAVE DONE NOTHING WRONG. SO YOU CAN&apos;T WARN OTHER BUYERS ABOUT A SELLER. YOU JUST HAVE TO ACCEPT THE FACT THAT YOU HAVE BEEN RIPED OFF, AND TRY NOT TO BUY ANYTHING ELSE ON AUCTION."	0
"Although the iPhone is all good in terms of looks and functions, the battery life is really really low. Tried to charge and it was still at 4% after 2 hours."	0
Amazing buy it if you can	1
"Amazingly, seller sent a phone missing a battery. Completely incompetent customer service when addressing the issue. Have yet to resolve."	0
Any cell phone that is older than 2 years old will not hold a good charge. Don't recommend buying. 	0
Arrived early and appears to be in working order. Son says it works well and doesnt seem to have any issues.	1
Articulo daado 	0
As described. Satisfied.	1
"As you can see in the first picture, at the bottom of the phone, the phone is supposed to be bezels, its not in that picture. Also, in the first pic as well, theres no notch at the top, and the text on the screen doesnt look like how apples text is. Your selling a fake iPhone in the original box for almost $1000?!? To know if is a real apple product, look up the serial number and track it. "	0
ATTENTION TO ALL BUYERS THIS SELL PHONE IS NOT UNLOCK PHONE I CONTACTED SAMSUNG ALREADY ABOUT IT THEY TOLD ME TO RETURN IT	0
Awesome phone !  I have noticed the battery lasts longer than other phones I have had. 	1
"Awesome phone, good price and fast shipping.  "	1
"Awesome sauce, indeed.  I wanted to exchange my Android phone for an Apple iOS and this is the ticket.  Smaller form factor more easily fits in my pocket.  Clean, clear easy changeover.  Interfaces with my iMac.  I now have an iPhone like everyone else in my family.  Very happy with this purchase.  "	1
"AWFUL, HORRIBLE, DECEITFUL seller!!! I purchased a phone from this seller and went to Verizon to activate it. I was told the phone was stolen. I will be contacting eBay to report this deceitful seller. DO NOT PURCHASE FROM THIS SELLER!!!!"	0
bad goods. the seller is fraud !	0
"Bad seller! Fraudster, never received the phone"	0
Bastante bueno el celular est como nuevo gracias 	1
"Battery drains to fast, lcd burn  "	0
"battery life is supposed to be 100 hours. but that battery used one lasts only 10 -20  hours. That is if i don&apos;t use phone call. if I used it was half day.  So I tried to buy new battery. But I could not find new battery in US. I am Japanese and I emailed to NEC customer service in Japan head office. They said that product was not sold in Japan. That is in China products.Then I had contacted the office in Hong Kong. They said that was old model, and already changed to new model because it was not popular there. So I could not buy new battery for that or don&apos;t use that anymore. just waste money because seller didin&apos;t tell the truth."	0
Battery won't charge.	0
"BEAUTIFUL PHONE, WORKS GREAT!!!!"	1
"Been looking for a phone for a while and i finally found this one for a reasonable and affordable price. Product came in one day late , probably because of the horrible weather conditions. Overall great product and just as described. Will definately buy from again."	1
"Best 4G phone for the price look at comparison:           Pantech Burst Samsung Skyrocket LG Nitro HD   Quadrant (v1) 3,415 3,334 2,616   Linpack (single-thread) 50.1 50.6 51.1   Linpack (multi-thread) 80.55 77.4 81.8   Nenamark1 56.1 59.8 56.1   Nenamark2 53.0 54.1 37.2   Neocore 56.2 57.7 59.8   SunSpider 9.1 2,658 3,115 2,687   Vellamo 1,151 815 1,156   Battery life (LTE) 7.5 hours N/A 4.5 hours"	1
"Best phone i ever bought on Ebay, just like seller's description.Will buy more in future. "	1
"Best phone you can get you can stream your PlayStation 4 to it and screen record with your face in the corner, two and a half day battery life, 20 megapixel camera 5.3"" screen at the perfect size for your hands."	1
Better than expected. I gave it to my 8 year old as she's been bugging me for an iPhone for Christmas. Not activated but she can play her games	1
"Big upgrade from. LG g2.  fast, clear, crisp "	1
"Bought 2 for a trip, did not arrive on time as was listed in posting, seller made excuses.  one would not turn on, and the one that did was formatted in a foreign language.  Be careful buying this product  I returned both for refund"	0
Bought because it is rugged. It appears to be a very well built phone. My husband is very hard on phones.  I seen this one and thought I would give it a try.	1
Bought it for my son.  He LOVES his new phone.  It was an upgrade from an old phone that wasn&apos;t a smartphone.  He says it&apos;s very similar to an iPhone.	1
"bought the NewPhone nokian95 one weeks ago and was immediately impressed with the number of features available on this inexpensive phone. It has a 5M-pixel camera, video camera, and speakerphone. The NewPhone&apos;s size is perfect for carrying in a pocket and the battery has a pretty good lifespan of roughly 4 hours. and very easy to use"	1
"Bought this for my 11 year old daughter because she wanted a slide type phone for her birthday, but our contract hadn&apos;t ended.  She loves it!"	1
Bought this phone because my old phone was giving me a lot of problems. BUT this phone was worse!!! I will never buy a cell phone on ebay again. All I did was buy somebody elses problem!	0
"bought this product for my daugher, big screen, easy to use,and good price, but from day one, battery does not charge atall."	0
"Brand new in box with all accessories, so excellent untouched condition."	1
"buen dia Este celular esta libre para poderlo utilizar en colombia con los operadores de claro, movistar, tigo y avantel, en caso de garanta a donde me dirijo "	1
"Buy IPhone relying on what he said the seller, but when I received the phone it was blocked and the battery not a scammer lasted nothing  buy it from lima peru and therefore I could not return it"	0
"Buyers please beware!  I bought 2 of these for $19.99 each. Total $39.98.  Best Buy took my payment, and then canceled the order stating they were out of stock. Then they relisted the phones for $29.99 just minutes later.   After waiting for 3 days for them to release my money I went to Wal-Mart and bought them for $19.95."	0
Came in earlier then it was expected to arrive. Can't wait to see my son's face when he opens it. Thank you!	1
Can i get my refund  	0
"Cancelled buy becuase it didn&apos;t work out between seller and buyer becuase of an emergency the seller had. But the seller was a fast responder, and able to work with me to get me the item!! Amazing seller!!!"	1
"cant get anything for this phone in the way of apps, themes, or ringtones. I will never by one again the only good thing is that it gets better signal then newer models."	0
"cell brought the load pin damaged, so I had to pay 10 dollars to a technician for repair, cell brought the load pin damaged, so I had to pay 10 dollars to a technician for repair"	0
Charger port broken he is a scammer 	0
"Clearly not the original phone so trying to resolve the problems has been difficult.The buttons constantly lock, or worse just will not work, no matter how hard or how many times you hit the same button. Restarting it does nothing. Battery life is less then 24 hours. The phone is set to English but a number of things are either in Spanish or French. Was hoping for a durable simple oldschool phone (the one I had in my highschool years) but this has been more of a hassle and waste of money. went back to using my other phone."	0
"Compre en febrero el celular. Lo cuidaba muchisimo y casi 2 meses de uso sufrio de muerte subita y practicamente quedo sin uso, perdi ademas todos mis archivos.  Era un excelente celular mientras duro. "	0
consumer service seem very shady.they left a phone number that didn&apos;t work.the phone was in worse condition than the one I have.i contact via email and sent them their phone and I still have not gotten my money back.	0
"Could not get the phone to activate, had to return for refund, also seller to hard to contact, I try resolving this issue with seller, I could only get his voice mail.  The seller was bad about returning calls, so I had no choice but to request a refund.  I had since found another seller, bought the same phone at a cheaper price."	0
"Crashed and dies two weeks into using it. Actually it would crash periodically, then finally crashed for good. I contacted the seller, and they said it was to late that I have to contact them within  30 days. The seller was nice but the product was bad."	0
"das ist schon das zweite galaxy round , und fr sein serienalter ist es immer noch ein super Telefon von der bedienbarkeit , vom design und bei uns in sterreich gibt es fast kein Galaxy round ,also ist es auch exklusiv  "	1
"Dear I bought it for my mother&apos;s birthday, they told me that this is an unlocked phone and it will be ok to use it in France. I send it to my parents there, and it doesn&apos;t work!!!! So disappointed.."	0
Defective phone. Doesn&apos;t work. I don&apos;t recommend to buy from this seller. Will not get your money back. Seller is not professional.	0
"description said 9/10, phone arrived scuffed on all sides and a small crack on the lower right corner on the front of the phone  "	0
Did not care for the phone.  Antiquated compared to what is out there today.  Bought as a replacement for my teenager and he couldn&apos;t send or receive pictures.	0
"Did not work any more Alltel has quiet working. I bought this item because I thought it would work, but it don&apos;t no more."	0
"Didn&apos;t read that the phone was used. But still in veryy nice shape, not much scratches and such.   Works great. Bought it for a friend and she loves it."	1
digitalizer is no good. touch screen moves without touching the screen	0
"DO NOT buy anything form this seller.  I purchased a cell phone from him which he advertised as ""new""  and I was NOT able to a activate with cell provide because the phone was already linked to an unknown email account.  He is NOT an honest business person,  please do not fall victim to his scams "	0
"Do not buy this phone, I received this phone and when i went to use it i found it made this buzzing sound everytime u touched buttons. Also this phone did not work with pic messages or web. I paid $75 for this plus $10 to spend the junk back to recieve a new one and guess what? This one does the exact same thing. I bought this phone bc i needed a cheaper cricket phone because i just got off maternity leave and didnt have alot of money to spend but needed a phone since i had a newborn at home. This phone is back in the box just sitting on my table and im stuck with it since it cant be refunded! Spend the little extra on a nicer phone, this is a waste of money and time!!!"	0
"Do not waist your money on this particular product!!! It is not even 2G phone. It is Korean and works supper slow the internet.  What a waist of money.  I am sure it is because of the version being Korean.!!!Please don&apos;t waist your money!!! You will better off to buy it from our USA markets that they are comparable with our networks and will be 4 G as the phone is design for.  Thank you,"	0
Does not work and I sent out a message a few days ago and I have not received a messege from the company I bought it from.	0
Doesnt turn on. Battery is apparently bad and there is no SIM card in it. ? Ive had it for a few weeks and not quite sure what to do with it?  	0
donde nos podemos poner de acuerdo y hablar mas sobre el telefono no ndas mucha informacio 	0
Dont buy its a no good no resolution in the screen 	0
Don't this piece s**** because a lots pop up advertising I didn't even download any app it brand new just turn on than later a lots pop up advertising stupid phone. That what I get piece a sh** . Don't buy this phone waste your money	0
"Dropped my S3 for the last time as screen smacked the floor. Upgraded to an S4, wanted the S5 but S5 too big if I want to put in my pocket. Very satisfied and am using at otterbox symmetry cover and using tempered glass for face this time."	1
"Easy to operate,speed and accuracy of the functions.Windows Apps though still not that much is not not bad and often it&apos;s all that you need in a smartphone. The signal capture is excellent using wifi which some loose their capturing ability once you are away from wifi area for the most after twenty feet. But this one still has a good reception further away."	1
"Ebay has everything on the internet when you seach an item that you wanted. The thing I don&apos;t like the most is the feedback. When the buyer bought an item, they (buyer) should leave the feedback for the seller to know how well he or she accomplish. IF the feedback likely to be ignored, the seller won&apos;t get any points or to improve the selling. The reason I bought it bc it&apos;s cheap."	1
"El artculo, si es puesto pieza tiene que traer la Bateria, no destaparlo para sacar lo que puede dejar un poco de benfico al comprador"	0
El producto lleg en buen estado como es la descripcin	1
el telefono tiene problema el cual me estafaron en la compra que le hice al poner la sim card me da error el celular	0
Enva celulares que no funcionan muy mal vendedor no recomendable 	0
es una maquina de telefono me encanto.........................................................................................................	1
"este tiene problema en la pantalla, esta esta intermitente.  this problem is on the screen, this is intermittent."	0
"Even though this phone has been discontinued, you can still find it free with new contracts. The phone takes great pictures, great mp3 sound, and has upgradeable memory. The down fall of this phone is that the circuit board for the keypad buttons is very sensitive to water and easily damaged. However the phone is easily repaired with the proper screwdriver and parts are readily available on ebay from other phones or resellers. I have repaired mine and resold parts on ebay several times."	1
"Everything about this phone met the description other than the screen, which clearly is a significant thing.  Was bleeding along the screen edges with a yellow tint.  This forced me to return this device.  My experience in the return process was excellent getting my replacement phone quickly.  This is the 3rd device I have purchased through this provider and I can say I am very happy - they have my trust that they are committed to delivering a quality product."	0
"Everything is ok except the scree. Now I am suffering from the high expense of fixing screen. I do not think the phone is good to prevent the hard damage. My screen is extremely broken. Remember to buy insurance once you buy this phone.Otherwise, you will be freaking out."	0
Everything was great from checkout to testing the device when I recieved it. 	1
Exact description and working perfectly 	1
"Exactly es described, fast shipping. Quick email replies. Great eBay seller could not ask for anything more. A++++++"	1
"Excelent Seller. I wold buy from him again, best customer service on ebay ! Respond email all the time. Goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooodddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd"	1
"Excelente servicio, el vendedor respondio mis dudas y el paque venia con un muy buen embalaje. Todo en perfecto estado,y solo tardo 4 dias en llegar"	1
Excellent business person.  Impressed with how you handled my purchases.  Will do busines with you again	1
Excellent condition. V clean 	1
"Excellent Gadget, with a powerfull CPU and GPU, the 6 inches are not a problem, simply the best until now."	1
Excellent phone for the price. Super fast shipping . Received new in factory box with all acces.. Very satisfied	1
"excellent phone, I use it all the time.  I am retired and I find this the most simple and easy to use phone I have ever had.  Everything is convient and easy to use."	1
excellent product ... and very good in shipping ... thank you very much	1
"Excellent product, very pleased with this product and transaction. "	1
"excellent seller highly recommended too bad we couldnt make the deal, A++++"	1
Excellent service and delivery. I didn&apos;t buy this phone for myself but the person who did receive it loved it.Thank your for you high quality of customer service. We may need to purchase 2 more if and when they become available again. Thank you	1
Excellent!  Like new condition.	1
Exelente como nuevo y llego super rapido	1
"factory rebuilt, looked like new, ordered 2 &amp; their people called before they shipped to ask if it would be ok, came without battery or Sims card"	1
"Fantastic phone, 100% meet sellers description. On time shipping and well packed. Thank you."	1
Fast delivery but it never worked cant call anybody on it .I think it should have worked rite out of the box with out having to buy a warranty on it . But it don't .If I had time to wait for warranty to fix it I would have had my old phone fixed.	1
"Fast Shipment, item as described, i recomment, thanks!"	1
Fast shipping and product was as advertised. Would do business again.	1
Fast shipping!! Cell phone is great.  Thank you! !	1
Fast Shipping. Great Value! Love the triple minutes and ease of activation. Great battery life. Thank You!	1
"Features that I use. Easy and good camera and video, mp3 player, FM radio is a plus too. Easy to use all around cell phone. I owned Sony Ericsson before and highly recommend if you don&apos;t need use of the web (which you can have access to)."	1
First it was not unlocked second it was blacklisted that's pretty much it everything else was good	0
"First of all, the price that people are attempting to sell this phone at is ridiculous. I bought it brand new from AT&amp;T for $30. It is NOT worth the amount that people are trying to sell it for nor was it even worth the $30 I paid for it. Worst phone I have ever owned. Touch screen is horrible. The only thing I can say I like about it is that texting was set up a bit like the iPhone&apos;s. This phone is JUNK! Do not waste your money! It is not a good phone new, used, or refurb, it is garbage. If you want to be frustrated and annoyed with it all the time, than this is the phone for you, otherwise save your money and buy something better for the same price."	0
First time I had a seller reach out to me promptly. Not only that he continued to keep me updated on shipping and even offered to place the outer box. It was a gift for my father. He was so surprised when it arrived. 	1
"For a smartphone that is 4-5 years old the iPhone 5 is still a versatile gadget. It's not the lighting fast iPhone 7, but this phone won't lag you to death. After being plagued by screen disease on the iPhone 6 Plus and after 5 replacement phones from Apple and my phones Carriers insurance i finally became fed up and bought the last good iPhone I owned.   Expect to replace the battery on these phones, due to the age the battery life will no longer be acceptable for every day use. The good news is that replacing the battery is easy and can be done with the right tools. Watch a lot of YouTube videos and take your time."	1
For the price I love it	1
"freeze's all time, poor processing, reboot when over temperature. Too bad phone. Bluetooth allways reset."	0
"Functions decent for price, would be much better if the RAM would be higher, but overall a good buy."	1
"Get one for FREE!!! Have a look at this video first:     http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFKYVE__Mug     Just take 2 minutes and read this. This is very EASY to do! It literally takes 10 minutes to setup. Simply follow the steps below. I promise you, this is 100% real. Here is what you do. Click on the link below, register, pick an account type (referral is the easiest) and complete just 1 offer (Very important that you complete the 1 offer otherwise your account will sit in limbo until you do).  The best offer to do is STAMPS.com.  Its free, all you need to do is register and follow the instructions.  And youre on your way    There are plenty of cool offers to choose from such as Blockbuster online, Stamp.com, Netflix, Gamefly which are services you would regularly sign up for anyways and their all secure networks, why not use them to get a free iPhone or cash (I did the Stamps.com for a 4 week free trial and it is free!). Look at the offers and choose the one that works for you. After signing up and completing your one offer, simply refer 5-13 people or friends (depending on the FREE prize you choose) to do the same under your link (just post the same thing as I have on eBay or any other message board, and you&apos;ll get your referrals before the auction even ends.)     Then they will ship your iPhone or your selected item for free, I chose the Cash. No Joke, 100% REAL!!! The reason these companies make money, is because most people don&apos;t bother getting all the referrals. All you have to do is post it on EBAY! They use us as advertisement by word of mouth which saves them tons of money which goes toward yours and my free gift. These are legit companies such as Blockbuster, Netflix, Gamefly etc... You can copy my listing if you want. You must use your own authentic link though. You will get your own personal link after your orders placed.           Step 1: Click my link: http://www.YourFreeiPhone.com/index.php?ref=4587930    Step 2: Sign up and chose an account type (Referral is the easiest and best).     Step 3: Complete just 1 offer (like Blockbuster or Stamps.com) and refer up to 13 people to do the same (use eBay! Do what I did, copy my ad).     Step 4: Receive your iPhone or Cash for FREE!!!!!!!!!! (Even The Shipping Is Free!!!)       For proof that this is for real, click on the link below. It&apos;s the company that is behind everything.     http://www.trainn.org/reviews.php     Please take advantage of this offer!!!     Check It out NOW! http://www.YourFreeiPhone.com/index.php?ref=4587930"	1
"Good and compatible with my country, battery last long with very clear receptions, the speaker produces soft clear sounds compared to my previous phone. The design is classic in terms of weight, size, width, thickness. High resolution pictures taken with details showing and better video recording with long battery life. Charging quick and last long especially when talking maybe on standby for 36hours before re-charging could be required. Browsing is fast, smooth and safe a lot of bits that could have been consumed if not fast enough. Wi-Fi is fast to connect and keeps tracks of save Wi- fi without have to research the Wi- fi again and again. Overall is excellent and work better for what I  Its designed to accomplished and I will recommend it for friend and scored it five stars."	1
good day       celurar not serve this to use in my country     is locked and it asks for a code      actually this was a bad buy	0
Good iPhone love the fast shipping 	1
Good phone 5 +++++	1
Good phone shipped fast Thank you so much.	1
"good phone. even though it is a used one, it works perfectly well. i never liked buying used items especially when it comes to electronics and mobile phones but its cool using this one i bought."	1
Good product - Does everything you need and used ones in good condition can be had inexpensively.    The batteries on these phones hold up very well compared to others and fresh replacements are dirt cheap anyhow.	1
"GOOD PRODUCT, work well, unlocked, brand new.                                                                  Good quality"	1
Good seller fast.shipping 	1
Good service by seller 	1
Good value for price great starter phone and waterproof/shockproof.	1
"Got a new phone from the seller. The signal is very weak but claim to be new. The seller answer all your need to get YOUR MONEY. But will become a ghost after the sale and you have a problem with there item. But lie and claim 60 day warranty. I paid $356 for the phone.. ""SCAM"""	0
got phone right away with tracking info. ordered it over the weekend and got the phone as promised. it was nice to have tracking info for it so i can track it on its way here.	1
Got this for my husband and he loves it!  It got here really fast and in perfect condition and it was packed nicely so it would not be damaged.  I would for sure buy from this seller again. A+++++++++++++	1
"gracias por todos,sigan siendo buenos."	1
great battery life service features and specs good durability fast on ios 7 fast downloads apps hardly crash	1
great cell for the price !	1
"Great condition, works great, fast shipment.  I did not have to wait too long and the phone looks brand new."	1
"great deal, good pricing"	1
Great experience from start to finish.  Excellent communication and the phone is in better condition than expected! More than satisfied with my purchase! 	1
great item and great price.	1
Great little phone! 	1
great phone - really like text size - appropriate for older users with eyesight again.  so much easier to use android system than apple.  great seller - timely delivery.	1
Great phone and works very well with boot mobile as advertised 	1
Great phone easy to get used to everything I need 	1
great phone for the price	1
"Great phone if you are an up in comming developer, I woudnt suggest as a phone for daily use though."	1
Great phone thank you	1
Great phone! Good Camera! 32gb of memory	1
"Great phone, came with everything as described"	1
"great phone, just as described.   Fast delivery.  "	1
Great phone.  Easy to use. Long battery life.	1
"Great phone. Love the two slides on this phone. Slide up and you get the numeric keypad, slide to the side to get the full qwerty keyboard. Fast shipping. Great working with this seller."	1
Great phone...lots of fantastic features! Happy with purchase and would recommend this product to a friend.  Great graphics too.	1
"Great Price, product description on point and just had to do the Factory Reset instead of Hard Reset that EMB recommended before inserting sim,Overall Love my Note8"	1
Great product in good condition. 	1
"great product, I am waiting for my dex to arrive and have full value experience.  "	1
Great purchase for basic use of making calls and receiving emails etc.	1
"Great seller and a fast shipper, would definitely buy from this seller again. "	1
"Great seller, fast shipping, perfect product"	1
Great seller. Very trustly. 	1
great smartphone for starters easy to hold durable and it still has that tech look and pretty much takes any updates with no problem :-)	1
"Great value, great product, fast service."	1
Gret seller. Gret communication. Went out of his way to be sure that this will fit my needs. Thank you!	1
Had for two weeks and died	0
HAD THIS PHONE AND ITS FEATURES ARE EXCELLENT SO I BOUGHT ANOTHER ONE.I WOULD RECCOMEND THIS PHONE TO ANYONE.	1
"Hallo,  diese Handy ist ein biliger Trek aus China.  und der verkaufer ist ein turkisch Betrug  MfG 1974hutte!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"	0
"Has Android 6, 5mp camera, WiFi, Bluetooth, memory expandable  to 128gb. This Phone is small easy to carry  around, really advanced for a low cost Phone. I love it! It's  not an Apple 7, but a great Phone for the buck. I highly recommend and would definitely  buy this Phone again."	1
Have not even received it yet. EBay shipping logistics  is horrible.   Amazon tracking has you beat hands down	0
"Having individual letters to touch makes texting SO much easier and more accurate than the typical on-screen keyboard. I dumped a bigger phone to go back to this model, which AT&T doesn't make anymore. "	1
He lie for his products. They products ate fake. He sell stolen phones and lie for they features. 	0
"he was at a good price and in good condition and the seller has a good reputation! I quickly noticed that the seller answered my questions and doubts, and that&apos;s really what a seller should have to serve."	1
"Hello ebayer :     Do you want to find a good supplier on cheapest electronics products ?    I would like to introduce you a lawful and secure Wholesale / Retail online trade store,    Product show on:&lt; http://www.Itcsf.com &gt;    They mainly sale the brand New : HD TVs , Laptops &amp; Notebooks , Mobile Phones &amp; Iphone 3GS , Digital Camera &amp; Camcorder ,   Home Audio , MP3/MP4 Player , Video Game PS3 Console , GPS Receiver and so on .     Most Popular Products : Limit Apple iPhone Never Locked 3GS 32GB ( Factory unlocked ) - Only : $475.76USD     Please visit our shop site : www.itcsf.com    The best way to contact us :     Email : Service@itcsf.com  ( 7days 24hours to contact us )     MSN : webelesale@hotmail.com  ( discuss online products questions )    Buy wholesale products at wholesale price from wholesale market Itcsf.com direct !    Looking forward to hearing from you soon .    Regards"	1
"Hello sir I purchased iphone 8 256gb from you and the phone has bad internal mic and speaker issue which wasnt mentioned is the ad, when I questioned to seller he didnt repond me "	0
"Hello.  Writing the review after several weeks of use.  Fast shipment and delivery, cheap package but it's Ok. Great design, well-made, great camera. Phone is fast-n-furious, no doubt.  But...  there are critical disappointments:  1st - scratch on speaker grill - you see it every time you look at the phone. 2nd - no oleophobic coating - seems the screen or screen glass was replaced by non-original one. 3rd - battery... ooooohhhhh.... I wouldn't write the review if battery was ok. But it's not! Its capacity is ~1600 mAh (from 0 to 100% charging). After few calibrating procedures it became a little bit better but still very weak. Local Samsung service asks $50 for original replacement (including work).   See attached photos.  Conclusion: the phone seems to be NOT refurbished. It seems to be USED but fixed one."	0
"hi ! i already return this back to the seller because this is not a real phone, sorry , if you want do more sell you have to tell a buyer the real one or deal with not real from factory ok. HAVE A GOOD LIFE AND GOOD SELL IN THE FUTURE."	0
"Hi ebayer ,     Please visit our Wholesale market &lt;w w w.&gt;uionshop.com direct !     Our Shop Sale New : HD Tvs , Laptops &amp; Notebooks , Mobile Phones &amp; Iphone 3GS - Iphone 4 ,Digital Camera &amp; Camcorder ,   Home Audio , MP3/MP4 Player , Video Game PS3 Console , GPS Receiver and Motorcycle.     Most Popular : New Apple Iphone 4 unlocked 32GB Black or White - Factory unlocked - Only : $559.00 USD     This is genuine Iphone made in USA ( California ) with Apple 12 months Factory warranty .     You will get more Cheaper products and more Surprize from UionShop.com !     - Please visiting our website to Contact Us !     Email : online-help@&lt;uionshop.com&gt;    Any questions please email to us !     Thanks"	1
hi thank you so much for your item it is very nice cell phone i would like to do it and i will tell everyon about your service	1
"High performance phone/tablet.  Beautiful screen.  Best part of this phone, compared to the latest model (Galaxy Note 5) is that I can add up to 64gb micro card for storage and buy additional batteries (which are not very expensive).  In last few days, I was able to upgrade to Android 5.1.1."	1
Honest seller! good man!	1
Horrible product. This phone crashed after 2 weeks. The screen went stopped working. A waste of money.	0
"Howdy,  this is a superb phone. I had an iphone before this, and honestly i like this more. I love the andriod OS, it&apos;s amazing. It takes some getting used to, but it&apos;s awesome once ya get the hang of it. The andriod market is great too, and most of the apps are free unlike the iphone appstore. The call quality and volume is good. It has a super display as well, things look sweet. The touch screen works well too. The phone build is nice too, has a sleek and funky look to it. On the whole, it&apos;s a great phone and you will LOVE it."	1
I absolutely am in love with this phone. I love the features and camera. But I am heart broken that the battery life is very short if you are on your phone lot. Also this is my second v10. The 1st one over heated and would not turn back on. My second one is stuck in boot loop. 	0
"I actually bought two phones from E bay that day and when i got them they were both badly beat up. One worked for about a month and the other didn&apos;t ring or vibrate at all from the day I got it. It was, for lack of a better way to put it, a huge waste of money and I will think twice about purchasing anything used from E bay again."	0
"I am a Blackberry user even though I have a Droid, the blackberry was designed with the business class in mind and still allowed us to have fun with the phone.The many applications makes whatever you need to do with this phone an easy snap."	1
"I am ebay challenged.When I got the phone I bought the camera didn&apos;t work and it was a month sending it back and getting the replacement. I now have the phone and it is great.    When I got a bracelet it got lost and the seller has needed to file for insurance thru Pay Pal. I am still waiting for my refund.     I am kind of scared to try it again, I&apos;m sure you can understand.  Thank You."	0
I am looking to buy another 1 of these phones to replace mine that roommate dropped in the pool. I have yet to find a flip phone that has VOICE READOUT FEATURE. When a call comes in IT VERBALLY TELLS ME WHO IT IS (if in my phone book) or VERBALLY TELLS ME THE NUMBER CALLING. I don&apos;t have tpo stop what I&apos;m doing to SEE who calling. Thereb are not enough ring tones to assign all in my phone book. Just listen to who is calling. I&apos;m am soooo hard on phones my friends say I need a GI Joe combat zone field pack. It has lasted me 2+ years. Thats a tough phone. If your busy busy busy GET THIS PHONE. Mary Peterson Orangevale CA	1
I am really enjoying this phone. 	1
I am thr one who bid 999. I want to buy it but it doesn't ship to india.  Then whats the point in winning the bid...!	0
I am very happy with the purchase. 	1
"I and a few friends have been using this phone for years.  We love it.  Small, elegant, metal case, easy to use.  It is perfect for voice and text.  None of us use it for Wi-Fi or Bluetooth; the screen is small.  The only occasionally negative reviews suggest the touchscreen is fragile.  I broke mine after 4 years.  So, I ordered a new phone, and 2 replacement touchscreens at 9 bucks each, and 2 replacement batteries at 5 bucks each.  I'm all set."	1
"I believe the seller was overly cautious when he/she described the condition of this phone.  It was in excellent condition.  I have been using it for several days now and everything works great.  This is my fourth (4th) Razr V3 and I hope to stock up on some used or refurbished ones so I&apos;ll always have one to use.  I have dropped these phones and even got one of them wet and they still work. The newer phones don&apos;t compare to the Razr V3.  I wish Motorola would bring them back out, just like the old ones."	1
I bought a $35 airtime straight talk card for the phone and phone still hasn't worked wasted my money I was on the phone with straight talk for 2 days trying to get the phone activated.The phone half worked only had data usage no texting or calls It went straight to Verizon when trying to call out....	0
"I bought a Nokia 6010 mobile phone that was supposed to be &quot;Unlocked&quot;.  Instead, I was sold a complete piece of garbage that didnt work at all.  This is a total scam."	0
"I bought an additional NEC 525 HD, as a back up of my two existing phones (one is my wifes&apos;).  After three years, the batteries still carriy a 4-day charge (down from 6) and they work great on the AT&amp;T Wireless / Cingular / back to AT&amp;T Wireless network.  The only thing that is not up to date is the lack of a mini SD card slot (can not increase storage), and does not take video (only pictures).  Other than that it is a great phone, and with the data cable and supplied software you can sync with your computer.  Also you can surf the internet / text message / e-mail / instant messenger."	1
"I bought iPhone 3 gs , it was very good condition and fast shipping so I feel very happy .... Best seller A++++++"	1
"I bought it for a cousin, and the second day, he called me, because he went out on vacation to costa rica, he said all the board bottoms were off, I send e-mails and they did not say anything...."	0
"I bought motorola because I was inbetween plans and decided it was a good buy. I am dissapointed with the phone. The connection between the top and bottom has a short in it. It works, but it works when it wants to."	0
"i bought rim blackberry 7290 (at&amp;t) some weeks ago, and note book, as write to you now both iterms are not in good condition,am surpraise about ebay, selling things like that i have a friend call Janet Adu-boahen she also said she bought blackberry 8320 from ebay it cost her $160.00 like 4 weeks now the 8320 blackberry  is is not working when some one call her the phone dont ring you will only see miss call. for the matter she stop using it.you have to be carefull with things you sell on line or ebay, i always disagree with people when they talk about ebay but now i have confirm what they have been saying.  thanks stephen"	0
"I bought the Motorola i860 Sprint Phone as a Chrostmas gift for my husband.  It arrived in early January 2011.  Although the phone has great features such as camera, video camera, and speakerphone, etc, it&apos;s batter lifespan is not very good.  If it is left one all day, even if not used, it generally requires charging every 24 hours.  However, even worse than that is that we bought it for it&apos;s supposed ruggedness and in less than two weeks, the screen on the phone quit working.  The display is like looking at a cracked mirror.  The advertisement for the phone leads one to believe it to be similar to the Timex watch whose saying is &quot;It takes a licking but keeos on ticking&quot;.  My husband dropped this phone on our dirt driveway, and this was the result.  Ebven his old Motorola took more of a lickoing than this one.  This phone is definitely &quot;cracked up&quot; and not as durable as advertised."	0
"I bought the NokiaE75 because the phone has integrated Wifi, keyboard, radio, excellent camera and a cell phone is very precious."	1
"I bought the phone for the mp3 player and camera, but I am already not happy with it and am fixing to buy a new phone from cingular.  The pics are not as clear as I hoped they would be and overall the phone is not very user friendly. If I knew then, what I know now I would have never even looked twice at this phone."	0
I bought the wrong phone and could't used it. Because it was for mobile ! I have a ATAT I would to return it for the right one	0
I bought this cell phone to replace another AT&amp;T Phone. This works only on the old AT&amp;T. Not what is available now. Now who has the old AT&amp;T? No one! Everyone pretty much upgraded. Luckily the seller refunded me. But I wasted all that money and I have to borrow my dad&apos;s phone until we get Verizon. Which is real soon! I can&apos;t wait!	0
"I bought this Galaxy Note 3 used. It was in perfect condition, like it was never used. No charger. No ear plugs. Just a phone in it's original box. It was a Verizon phone and that was the only hitch. I use SIM cards for portability and choice. The Verizon version comes with GSM capability as well as their CDMA technology. Adding a SIM card from another vendor causes problems that can be rectified if you know how to do it. The internet has more than a few videos to help so it wasn't a show stopper. I still haven't tried to remove all the Verizon apps but once I get used to it, I'll start purging their bloatware. I'm going to get another one, this one for me. It will be the AT&T or T-Mobil version, that's how much I like the phone. I used a EBay $25 coupon to offset the cost. Great buy."	1
I bought this item thinking it was in good shape I started reading lower on the page and it says the screen is cracked on the photo it was turned over not even showing the screen how fraudulent is that?	0
"I bought this phone about 7 months ago. The biggest problem I have had was battery life. After being fully charged, battery only lasts about 2 days. If phone is used more than normal, battery has to be charged daily! I tried to buy a new battery for phone but found it impossible to get as phone was not made for U.S. market. Sound quality is so-so and it is not user friendly as far as feature usage. All in all, I would say stay away from Siemens and go with Motorola or Nokia."	0
I bought this phone as a gift for my boyfriend. He likes that it&apos;s a all touchscreen phone and have good apps. It is one of the top smartphones for Verizon.	1
"I bought this phone because I needed a phone fast, because mine had broken. It was a little on the expensive side, but I thought maybe that would be better, and the product would have a better quality. This is the WORST phone I have EVER OWNED, it drops calls constantly, and when the call does go through, the person on the other end can not understand you. I would not recommend this phone to anyone EVER."	0
"I bought this phone because of its features,its quality of the best phone in the market also its value for the money,I recommend it as the best phone you can get."	1
"I bought this phone for my daughter for her birthday.  We went to turn it on and, the metro pcs dealer told us the box and the phone code numbers we not the same. He also told us the phone was unable to turn on because it has a open line.  The dealer gave me a big hard time with this phone.  Thanks to E Bay I got my money returned to me.  Never again would I deal with this dealer!"	0
I bought this phone for my sister but the phone never worked. I contacted the seller but he never responded. I opened a case with eBay and the seller immediately started responding. He promised me to send me a replacement cell phone provided I close the case. I did close the case but the seller never kept his promise. He never sent me anything and had not replied to a single mail of mine ever since.   Overall I had a very poor experience. Please avoid buying anything from this seller.	0
"I bought this phone from a member that only had 3 transactions-I was a little leery, but that was unfounded. It is a great phone and the seller responded immediately about a question that I had. Top Shelf!"	1
I bought this phone thinking it would be better than the old Samsung Note4 but it is no better!  Battery life stinks and when I got the phone I think it was already used.  It had another phone number associated with it and I kept getting charged for that line until I could get it straightened out with Verizon. I honestly do not think the phone works correctly.  I would not buy another one.  	0
"I BOUGHT THIS PHONE USED OFF EBAY. WAS GUARANTEED TO BE A GREAT PHONE. QUAD BAND, UNLOCKED, WORLD PHONE ETC. BUT WHEN I INSTALLED MY MX TELCEL SIM CARD, IT WONT READ IT. THE PHONE WONT HOLS A CHARGE. HOPE OTHER PEOPLE HAVE BETTER LUCK THEN ME. MAY JUST BE THIS ONE PHONE. HOPE SO...."	0
"I bought this product cause I needed to upgrade may phone and this phone had everything that I needed. I have no complaints about the phone, but i love it."	1
I bought this to replace my daughters phone.  Hers cracked and this was cheaper than buying a new screen.  works great  so far.    she just got it and is still working out the kinks of learning this phone	1
i bougt the phone becuase it looked small and powerful differnt look however it does not work up to it&apos;s apparence!!!	0
"i brought this Samsung instict phone 3 days ago and am very impressed with all the feature this phone as to offer. Fast shipping, communication excellent!"	1
"I can not give any review ,because i have not got this item.how can i discribe this thing ,if i nave not seen it yet.i can not try it ,because i do not have it.i buy this item for christmas present ,but christmas are already over .i hope i  get it before next christmas."	0
"I cann&apos;t write about it because I have received counterfeit phone. Features of counterfeit phone: on a box all is written correctly, on phone too. But SIM the back cover doesn&apos;t get also opens its moving without untwisting of screws.  Be careful of fakes. At once check phone at reception."	0
I changed my mind and got a better deal and wanted a refund and he only gave me half of the refund 	0
"I couldn&apos;t be any happier with my phone! I love it! It is a great phone, easy to use and reliable! I am one happy camper! Thank you!"	1
I decided to buy the phone as a replacement phone for my husband. Nowhere in the phone discription did it say the phone did not need a smartcard. Any AT&amp;T customer knows that all the phones now have to have a card and this phone does not require one so basically I WASTED my money and time on this purchase because I can not even use it.	0
"I DECIDED TO PURCHASE THIS PHONE AFTER SEEING IT LISTED ON EBAY.  BUT, TILL NOW ONE MONTH TO THE DAY... I HAVE NOT RECEIVED IT?  SO, I CAN NOT RATE A PRODUCT I HAVEN&apos;T GOTTEN YET!!"	0
"I did not like the fact that they only accepted same day payment, (which they got) no refunds only exchanges and once I got the phone the earpiece didnt work. The description said the phone had been tested and worked great. When I reached out to them to them let them know of the inconvenience this had caused me, they told me the phone had been tested twice before it got to me and asked me questions like I didnt know what I was doing. I explained to them I had a deadline however, this meant absolutely nothing them. Ill never do business with them again...terrible customer service."	0
"I did not receive this phone, hence no review. This is the second auction I won and the seller refunds my money for no reason that I was made aware of.    Thank you Ebay. I sure hope i will win an auction and then decide not to pay. That will fine with Ebay I hope."	0
"I didn&apos;t really have any complaints on this phone. Always seemed to work. I got it becase my RAZR stopped working one day and I decided I wanted a smartphnone. It honestly performed very well. I mean technology has changed as all this used was EDGE service. It didn&apos;t have 3g and it was still fast. It was either a toss of keeping my current LG f9100 at the time or getting this, and i got this after only using the f9100 for about 1 month *(later returning to it after i got tired of data)*"	1
i didnt like the product its not what i expected i was disaoppinted now i have the phone sitting on my desk doing nothing and i can not sell it to someone else because i dont recommended. sorry	0
i disliked the swivling camera because i fliped open the phone one day and the top snaped off. worst phone ive ever had.  i would recomend that u dont buy this phone unless ur SUPER gentle!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	0
"I do not recommend this seller because he is not honest with the state of the things he sells, he bought a new iPhone and it turned out that it was used. I tried to communicate with him and he never answered me."	0
i don&apos;t no how to use this phone. very hard to use. i think the battery is good but then not sure. didn&apos;t use phone to long. couldn&apos;t figure it out.	0
i don't like this item because in this item are many issue.	0
I emailed the guy at the email address given 3 times stating the phone does not work. Took it to Altel to hook it up the day it arrived..they said the buttons did not all work and it was water logged. So i emailed to see if i send it back will he return my 70.00??? No answer at all..I sent 3 emails. Because of this I will never order off ebay again. And I can not say a nice thing about this awful purchase either!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	0
i first bought the htc dash for my girlfriend as a [resent for valentines day and she really liked it and i got drawn into it. i decided to buy myself one and i got this for a really good price. thanks!	1
"I got a great phone at a great price I did not want to get locked in to my cell phone contract for two more years so I choose to purchase one from this seller, Phone works great shipped really fast and I will use this seller again"	1
I got my new phone very quickly and customer service was great. It works like a charm! Thank you so so so much!	1
"I got the phone in a FAIR amount of time, but the phone did not work at all. Two Sprint techs could not get the item to accept service.  On the website it stated I could return the phone with in 7 days. I returned the item the very next day. I have not gotten a refund OR a replacement."	0
i got this phone and it was activated under another account so i can&apos;t use the phone. i have been trying to get a hold of this girl and finally did she said she would look into things and call me back she still hasnt. i have tried calling her and she doesn&apos;t return my calls or emails. TERRIBLE EXPIERENCE! don&apos;t recomned buying from this seller at all!	0
"I got this phone to replace the Moto X that I had before this one. It was the exact same model. I got my original Moto X from the AT&T Store and it lasted me about a year and a half before it quit working. I liked the Moto X, so I decided to get another one. I got this one in October and it started off working fine. I didn't have any problems with it until late December. It randomly stopped charging with my Motorola charger. I used my sister's Samsung fast charger because that was the only charger that would work. I tried others, but nothing. My phone also started losing battery unusually fast. Now, the Samsung charger won't keep it charged. I don't think it was worth over $100 for a phone that only lasted 2 months. "	0
"I had a galaxy S3 whose charger port wore out...but very happy to get the same model again, as it does everything i need it to do, plus more.  The seller delivered superfast!"	1
"I had an LG G2 that I loved, but it has started to malfunction and the battery life is shorter than it used to be.  I decided to go with the G4 after my son got one and is happy with it.  The operation is very similar to what I am used to, so no learning curve.  The battery life is great and it is replaceable in this one, which is an improvement over the G2.  The phone I received appears to be new and worked instantly when I moved my sim card from the old phone to this one.  Since this is not the latest iteration of the flagship LG phone, I got it much reduced in price than a latest and greatest phone would have been.  I is plenty fast and does everything I need it to do.  I am, so far, totally satisfied with this purchase."	1
"I had one and just loved it because it is simply a phone. I am not in to the new style of phone like iPhones and such I get great reception on this, and it has taken a beating. I actually got this as a back up for when the current one dies. the flip phone is getting hard to find. I&apos;m an old school type I guess."	1
"I had the same phone for 4 years and loved it&apos;s size and features.the incoming sound started to be poor, so, I went to ebay and found a factory referbished. scooped it up immeditly."	1
I had to resell my blu dash less than a month I purchaded because  the picture quality is bad. I actually didn&apos;t like it at all.	0
"I hate this item I bought! It was a broken phone! and I couldn&amp;apos;t get the money back! It was unfair! The return subject is poor and can not help customs ! just only one chance to open the case, if we close it, we will not have chance anymore, why? and many people told me they had bad experience in ebay too!!! they bought something was not worth the money they paid too!!!   for me, I think it was a sooooooooo bad experience! and it let me down! I don&apos;t want to buy something from ebay anymore!!!"	0
I have a three-year-old Motorola V9 . It&apos;s been a good phone . But I dropped it and now has a crack in it . So I bought one off eBay . When I got it was not exactly like the one I have . It didn&apos;t have the power . And the battery life is short . The good thing is I contacted the person I bought it from . And they refunded my money . All I was out of was little time . I don&apos;t know what to buy now . All I&apos;m looking for is a good cell phone decent battery life. Not everybody can afford smart phones . The contract cost is prohibitive .	0
"I have been looking for a while for this product, and this seller had the best price and his reviews were good. i would buy more from this seller"	1
I have bought this product because saw his technical parameters. I was very interested . When i saw it real do not disappoint. I very like this phone!	1
"I have had my Razor now for about a year and I just love it, and my Razor is my 6Th cell phone and it is by far my favorite. I love it&apos;s slim sleek style I can stick it right in front pocket of my jeans, and just forget it until it rings or vibrates, and it is a light weight phone. It also has a great camera that can take some really great crisp pictures. Also takes some nice short video&apos;s. Keeps a Great Signal, &amp; long battery life. One of my favorite is being able to put picture I.D for people calling you that is just awesome that way you see a picture of the person who is calling just so cool then you can also give everyone there own ring tone. I saw where someone left a review saying these phones break easy well I have had mine now for about a year, and I have drop it a few times and on hard surface and it doesn&apos;t have a crack on it &amp; no malfunctions of any kind it still works like it did when I bought it new. My whole family loves the Razor so much that they want me to up grade their phones on their B-Days to Razors. I know I love it so much that I am going to upgrade soon to the one with the MP3 player on it. I do say this is a phone I am glad I got and my money was well well spent on. I give it a rating of 5 out of 5."	1
I have had two phones returned and Straight talk will not exchange it for a different make refurbish phones are a total rip off.	0
"I have not had a chance to use the phone as the sim card did not work - although it was supposed to be a new phone. Also, when I put in a search I expressly said ""Unlocked"". As a result I ordered this phone not understanding that the ""brand"" meant that the phone was locked. So now I am in a contract for a year with a company that I never heard of and as I write this the phone is still not working. A new sim card was sent out and the big guys somewhere in tech world are working on it. And of course there was no return to this seller. JUST read the small print. Even though you may request certain parameters - I guess if part of the request matches - that's good enough for ebay."	0
I have not yet recieved it and i would like to let everyone know don&apos;t buy things from shitty people that try to stiff you and i would like a refund and he did not put insurance on the phone so i can&apos;t get my money back.	0
I have problem to active 	0
"I have still never received this product.  Ordered Oct. 7, not received on Nov. 15.  "	0
I have used ebay to order two phones one for myself and one for my father. The phones that I purchased were in excellent condition there was a phone charger for the house and also for the car.I really appreciate how fast I received my merchandise. Because of the great experience I had shopping on ebay I will continue to make future purchases. Thank you	1
I heard it was a good phone but it turned out to be much better. Was worth the $. Sorry I didn't upgrade sooner.	1
i just dont like it !!!	0
"I just received this phone today, and try to charge the battery before i turn it on and use. after i turn the phone on it say restrict and i need a code to remove the code. and the phone is poor condition. on the right upper side of the phone is damage."	0
"I left just after ordering the phone and returned to find that I was sent one with a bad battery.  The battery wa replaced, however it took me a while to figure out that the phone only rang when it felt like it.    I guess they must think that that is something you should be able to figure out in a couple of minutes.  I must be the only person in the world that gets missed calls.  I wonder why they put that function on cell phones them.      That I was uable to figure out immediatly that I waws given aphone that only rang when it felt like it they told me that I was outof luck becasue I had exceded the warranteeperiod.    DO NOT BUY A CELL PHONE FROM THIS SITE!    THERE ARE PLENTY OF OTHER SITES THAT ACTUALLY STAND BEHIND THE PRODUCTS THE SELL, SO WHY TAKE A CHANCE.    DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND USE A DIFFERENT VENDOE TO BUY A CELL PHONE OR ANYTHING ELSE FROM."	0
i like it a lot!	1
I like that it works...i hate that it doesn&apos;t hold a charge and that this flaw was not disclosed! buyers have the right to know everything about a product that they are interested in.	0
"I like the fast shipping and the way the phone looks.  The seller got back to me when my daughter was unable to set up the answering system because it was locked.  She gave us her code to open it. Unfortunately the MP3 player doesnt work.  According to the seller it was never used as an MP3 player so she didnt know it didnt work.  I, on the other hand, was buying it because of the MP3 player. It was the same phone that was stolen from my daughter so I wanted to replace it.  Now when she takes the bus she needs to take a phone and her other MP3 player because the one on the phone doesnt work.  I just wish that everything worked.  Camera is fine, cosmetics of the phone is good....but no MP3.  Disappointing"	0
I like the phone really good and the dealer got it to me a day early 	1
"I like the size and clamshell design of this phone.  The music player is great and doesn&apos;t need ear phones, because of the decent speaker.  Reception is better than the Nokia that it replaced and it has never froze or quit like some say it does.  I think some people are not patient and won&apos;t wait for things to take their time so they keep pushing buttons which over whelms the machines -- same thing happens with computers -- push the button once and give it some time,"	1
"I like this phone because I like what I saw, how fast  on apps, I wanted it, Now that I got it I love this phone, I recommend it, its light weight small enough to excersice,i had iphone prior to this, this is way better, now my husband wants one! Ive had so many phones in the past 6 months. Wasnt happy. I found my match! I forgot to mention,its water resistant and glass its tough it wont get scratched easily,no more ugly protectors!"	1
I liked and I would recommend  the item is equal to what you see in the auction all the information the seller gives the right works fine.	1
"I liked the phone , easy to use, very nice camera, and good battery life. I would definitely recomend this phone to my freinds."	1
"I lost my money, I never received the cell phone."	0
I love it  Thank you so much !!!!!	1
"i LOVE IT, upgrading from a blackberry this means the whole world to me right now, its light and sleek. perfect for pics and video massive speed and well 32 of things i can put in it."	1
I love my new Galaxy s8 Active! It arrived right on time and works great!	1
I love my Samsung phone works excellent and would recommend this product for anyone else.	1
"i love the color,the case and everything that came with it.it was in perfect condition there is no dislikes.i loved it"	1
"I love The Mate 10 pro. Great looking phone, high end specs, excellent build quality and Superior camera. I also own the Note 8 and I can say that this camera on the mate 10 pro takes better pictures than the Note 8. No Joke. The quality of the pictures that this phone takes will blow you away. Why the US want to keep Huawei out of retail stores is crazy. I think they know that it will kill the other major Android manufactures or force them to go down on their prices.  "	1
"I love the phone! Been a huge Huawei fan sincr the Mercury. Thanks for sending me a brand new high quality product, it was worth it!"	1
"I love the product, the phone color is beautiful, and is very good phone, good sing, I send this phone to my country, and work perfect, my brother use and he say  is ring is nice"	1
"I love this cellphone, the price is good, i reply recommend the cellphone.............................................................................................. ................................................"	1
I LOVE THIS PHONE IS GREAT. I HAVE BOUGHT SEVERAL DEVICES AND THIS ONE IS THE BEST. I USE TO HAVE THE IPHONE 5S BUT THE GALAXY S4 IS THE BEST. I HAVE THE GALAXY S5 TOO BUT THERE IS NOT MUCH DIFFERENCE I PREFER THE GALAXY S4	1
I love this phone! It was a bit too expensive when it first came out but now its at a Great Price!! Camera is awesome and the so called problem people found with the buttons..I actually find to be a nice change. Charges fast and holds a charge pretty good so far. And with 128 Gigs..you cant go wrong.	1
I love this phone.  It has the same feature as a more expensive phone I wanted.  I am happy with the purchase of the Motorola I856 Boost MObile phone.  I would reccomend this phone to others.	1
I love this Phone. The price was excellent. I received the phone when I was suppose too. Great. I will buy from this seller again.	1
"I loved it. It was shipped supper fast, the seller was excellent. I bought that item because I wanted to change my phone and the price was very good."	1
I lvoe the LG Dare.  It is very easy to use and I especially like that I can lock it so I don&apos;t make calls accidentally.	1
i need to return the phone but i dont know how the problem with the phone has low hearing when calling someone.	0
i needed a phone and it was cheap but cheap can be nasty and nasty it was. It was a dirty phone it dosent take very good pictures and the cover dosent fit well	0
"I needed to replace my flip phone, the screen stopped working. I did not want to get stuck into a new 2 year contract getting it from my service provider. I loved that it was a flip phone, an LG and no 2 year contract. I liked that it came with the battery &amp; charger, in fact 2 batteries were sent.It was in better condition than I expected it to be in. The description said good but I consider it excellent.Love it."	1
"I never quet the item,,,,,,,,....well.bot I get my mony back.     I very happy with the decision the ebay"	0
"I never received the phone, which was delivered to the wrong address by the Post Office. The shipper, FlyStar, refused to take responsibility by either replacing the phone or refunding the money. Presumably, they would have insured the product, and accordingly they could have filed a claim with the Post Office, but they refused to even acknowledge  the error of the Post Office. "	0
"i never resive the phone,because moneybookers cancell the transaction and after2 25 days moneybook. sead the money to the seller,and a loos may money,please helpme,and dont use moneybookers por your buss."	0
I order this phone over 10 days and the don't send  it to  me 	0
"I ordered an iPhone 6 plus and it arrived on June thrid however a week or two after receiving the phone it started having problems with the screen. The screen would not respond to my touch which I didn't think much of. Then two days ago the phone froze all together, I took it to get it looked and and I was told that I had a defective phone. You could imagine how upset I am when I haven't even had the phone for a month! "	0
I ordered the unlocked smart phone but the phone I received is locked. when I insert simple mobile it says unknown Sim. so I want to return the phone	0
I ordered this same product a week earlier and was so impressed with the phone as described and new condition that I ordered another just for safe keeping. I was just as impressed with the second order as the first. This is how online shopping is suppose to be!!	1
I PAID ALMOST $700 FOR A PHONE JUST TO HAVE IT MARKED STOLEN I NEED MY MONEY BACK AND I NEED IT NOW YOU DISHONEST THIEF!	0
"I paid to have this ""new"" phone over nighted only for it to show up broken! Obviously needed the phone ASAP or I wouldn't have paid $50 shipping so return isn't an option. Don't waste your money "	0
I purchase it for a gift when I am out of the country. I sent to my best friend. He found out it is not working all. And he sent to repair shop. The technician told him it looks very old and has a lot of dust in it. My friend was very angry about it. It damaged our friendship. I fell so bad! 	0
I purchased a used phone from this seller that I was told would not work in the USA but in any other country using GSM. I bought the phone and shipped to a friend in the Phillipines. The phone does not work and the seller is aware they sold me a damaged phone. They are refusing to reimburse me for the expense of returning the phone. I have had more than one conversation with Ebay help desk and they are refusing do not  expect Ebay to be of any help at all. In fact I spoke to them a few days ago and they were to contact the seller and get back to me as of today that has not happened. I would be very wary of this seller and do not ha expect any help from Ebay when you do have a problem.	0
I purchased the new product was noted as.But t was not new. Seller did not accept this situation.Accused me of lying fraud.the seller to pay me to do again and wanted to send them to another product.But  didnt accept.does not want to get back to the dealer for the product product remained in my hand....	0
I purchased this device for my 9yrd old daughter for christmas and 1 day before delivery the seller canceled my order. Now I let other good buys end/expire. This is a huge disappointment 	0
I purchased this phone and took the seller two weeks to say that my product is sent to wrong address and I am very disappointed about this.	0
"I purchased this phone for my husband to replace the phone he lost that was exact same model. Ad claims phone is &quot;NEW&quot; but we received it loose in a small box, not in original packaging. Phone is obviously used, it only works part of the time &amp; as time has passed since we bought it little over a month ago, it works less &amp; less, loosing signal at any given time. It will not pick up wi-fi signals. I have the exact same phone &amp; have never had any issues with mine nor did my husband till he lost his. If you purchase one of these phones from this seller &amp; it is not in AT&amp;T blister pack when you receive it - RETURN IT!!!"	0
"I purchased this phone to save money by using the wi-fi feature. After setting it up, the phone did not  preform as well as expected. It would switch from my home wireless network back to t-mobile in the middle of a call and then drop it.  At work it was even worse. It connected to the wireless network but   the strength was to low to get a good signal. I spoke with T-mobile and they were aware of the issues.  I think this is a good idea that&apos;s a little ahead of it&apos;s time."	0
"I rarely write reviews, however I have to write one to share my experience.   Phone: I have used LG phones for a while now, the last LG phone I used was LG-V20, V-20 was an exellent phone but the V-30 has taken it to a different level. First the screen is bigger, the battery life lasts longer and charges faster. Camera is excellent, front and back! And the speed of the phone has also improved.  Seller The seller replied to all my questions, and even though' there was a delay in shipping, it was due to circurmstances that the seller did not have control over (bad weather). Nevertheless, the seller kept me updated through out the whole process. The phone I received is new and has T-mobile original packaging.    "	1
"I really enjoy this phone. This is a good one so I encourage people to buy it. It has a good camera, the battery is really good. the price also is good. It is a simple phone with a lot of great qualities."	1
"I really like this phone, thou the battery needs a lot of help. I had to buy a battery case for it cause I have tho charge it like 3 times a day. The bring phone up tio ur ear to answer calls doesn't work for some dumb reason. Takes great pics, the pics attached I was about 300 ft. away from the elk. Really like that U can change to a wide angle or use the regular lense. Great screen quality and brightness"	1
"I really love my phone, highly recommended."	1
I received a  phone that  did not work I sent phone back .after 2 months I am still waiting on a refund 	0
I received my phone in perfect condition and in good timing. :) This was my first time buying through ebay.	1
I received the phone 10 days after paying it. He said the phone was one week used and that come with charger but I check the guarantee in the apple and I have just one additional month and the charger didn't come. 	0
I received the wrong phone but it was an honest mistake. Seller took care of the problem promptly and was very communicative and helpful in the process.	1
I recently bought this phone and returned it. It&apos;s supper laggy and I had a lot of problem with it. No i wasn&apos;t expecting it to be the best of the best..i mean its a fake I-phone... but i also didn&apos;t expect it to be so bad o.o. I don&apos;t think i&apos;d recommend this phone for anyone.  I&apos;m just happy the seller was willing to work things out in the end.  My suggestion is add another $20-50 bucks and get a better phone.	0
"i recived my item on saturday 03/13, try to charge battery and doesnt work also doesnt turn on / i need to know what can i do to fix my problem"	0
"I rescently bought a Sanyo RL-4930 cell phone. I had one before, but it got damaged. So I went on Ebay to find another. I love this phone because it it sturdy with rubber wrapped all around it. Has a battery that last a very long time. I dont have texting or any of the bells and whistles. I just like it because it&apos;s just a good phone. If I wanted, I could get the frills, internet etc, but I only use it to contact friends and family. Simply a great phone. Bill."	1
"I see you bided on an item and retracted your bid.  You can do that. You bid on the item and then asked a question. You only have 1 hour to retract your bid and have to have just cause. You do not have just cause to retract your bid. You have to pay the $85.00 buy now price because, you have caused him not to be able to sell the phone. Straight talk requires all cell phone be activated in 21 days or they get blocked. The ones you buy from Wal Mart. As matter of fact Wal Mart is only place that sells straight talk cell phone besides from starighttalk.com  I was going to bid on your item but if you can not be trusted to pay for your bids then I dont trust you to mail mine item if I bid. My son is an attorney. He said you have to pay for phone since you bid before asking anything. So you lost a sell because you are dishonest. You mother in law should be happy to have a cell phone. You are a very dishonest person."	0
I soooo love this phone. but I just wish it had a sim card insert. Very stylish!!! I wonder if there are others that use a sim card???	1
"i still waiting to this phone, yet not get it. i think is too much long time and i not get it. do you can explaine what i need to do for finally get it?"	0
I think this phone is great.its fair no cracks and cheap I might buy it 	1
I thought the phone was better but i wasted my money for nothing. nokia 7360 was really bad phone and i wasted $91 on it.the phone had no features.	0
I totally love my note 4. My note 3 broke and upgraded to this one and I have no complains at all. Totally beats paying for an expensive one .	1
"I understand its a roll of the dice when it comes to buying, Especially on Ebay,....My Wife needed A replacement Phone, and we came across this one in question, apparently attempting to save over a new unit. This cell PHONE was advertised as mint Condition,.. which it wasn&apos;t.More like a piece of Shit... it was pretty much beat to hell. Less then half the life left,.. we kept it Anyways, as a back up Battery/charger, and it also came with a Bonus DVD Oceans Eleven . So it wasn&apos;t such Major lost, Still it was a learning experience,... Buyer Beware...."	0
"I used my girlfriends iphone 4 and i instantly fell in love with it. the graphics are so advanced, and the phone is great! the battery life lasted 2 days!This phone is great and is very fast too!"	1
I want a simple small phone and this LG phone I could not find it anywhere else.  It is beautifully refurbished and working perfectly!  This is the second time I bought cell phone from you.  Thank you!	1
"I wanted a touchscreen phone but didnt want to spend the money on an iphone. the finesse is an affordable alternative for an iphone. you do get what you pay for though. one of the things i dislike is that it does take longer to surf the net and when you finally get to the site that you want, it is too small to look at. i stick to phone calls and texting."	1
I was able to get my hands on my phone after the 30 day return period since I was out of the country and was surprised to find out that the phone was locked to an unspecified carrier. I had to pay unlocking services and seller didn't provide me with any other option because I reported the incident after 2 months. Mainly my bad for not reporting soon but was really disappointed because I was supposed to be buying an unlocked phone from the first place. Description of the item was unreliable in this regard.	0
"i was given a refund, but i really wanted the phone"	0
"I was looking for a phone for my 7 year old and read the reviews about this firefly, unfortunately it was DISCONTINUED in 2007 and firefly doesn&apos;t even turn this model on anymore.  I wrote to the seller and did not receive an answer."	0
I was not able to obtain a users manual because it was an international cell phone so i returned it.	0
"I was really impressed when I opened the first iPhone 5s as the condition and the screen was in amazing condition.  I was extremely disappointed with the second phone, body was beat up and the screen was burnt across the top portion of the screen.  Didn't take a picture of the screen as I sent this in for a trade in program.  Really hope it doesn't get rejected or this will end up costing me over $500"	0
"I was sold a lemon. I bought it because I was tired of losing phones, and this was a cheap and easy option. In my mind Nokias are supposed to be durable and last a lifetime. Well, this phone was terrible. Came with no instructions, just two batteries, very used condition unlike what the seller site said, and it stopped working less than a week from its purchase date. I bought another Nokia at Best Buy for the same price, and it&apos;s worked perfectly. Never again."	0
"I was upset with this purchase.The item defective and damaged.  when i contacted the seller he was not helpful.then i contacted ebay with a complaint about the seller,then the seller changed his his views and had refunded me the cost of the item  after he had recieved back the defective and damaged phone."	0
I was waiting for the day that tmobile would release an lg phone. REALLY. Anyway the phone is pretty cool. next to my old voyager they&apos;re almost identical. I have a tmobile backup prepaid nokia 1661 which i love a lot. So i will not switch but it is a good phone	1
"I will definitly be sending it back.  The earliest time I can do this is June 27, 2017,  I bought it on June 25th.  I tried cancelling it but they said it was too late.  I had only had it ordered for about 15 minutes."	0
I won an auction from this seller and I asked for the imei and when I got it I checked the imei it was reported stolen and its blacklisted.  DO NOT TRUST THIS SELLER 	0
I would charge the phone till it gets too 100% and it wold die literally in 5 minutes  	0
I would love to review it but I never received it; I think I was scammed out of $410. I have filed a case with eBay; very disappointed and doesn&apos;t give me much confidence to buy a major item through eBay again. I&apos;ve always ordered with confidence and have never had any problem. Now this. Sorry.	0
I wouldn&apos;t know because the ebayer sold me a phone that has been reported lost or stolen by Verizon Wireless.	0
I&apos;m happy whit my cell... thanks  I&apos;m happy whit my cell... thanks  excellent service!!    I recomend this... so good	1
"I&apos;m very unsatisfied with it. It constantly drops calls, battery dies after one phone call and it makes a very weird noise in the background.I sended this phone back but he never returned my money."	0
"I&apos;ve had this phone for about a year and a half. The case is not durable at all. My casing has several knicks in it just from normal use and half of it is peeled off. My battery life started decreasing about 4 months ago. I can only talk for about 20 minutes before it completely dies. It also tends to change ringing styles without me or anything touching it. The only good thing about it, which actually just might be Verizon, is I got service in the middle of the ocean while on a cruise while no one else did, but besides that, there are no other perks. My suggestion? Don&apos;t waste money on this phone,you can get a much better phone for the same price."	0
"Ich habe das Handy Nokia 1110i gekauft, weil es so handlich,leicht und unkompliziert zu bedienen ist. Die lange Standbayzeit beeindruckt mich,ich kann dieses Handy nur weiter empfehlen.Gru bade_hose"	1
"If all you want (for God&apos;s sakes) in this techno~ridden world...is a freakin&apos; phone you can press digits on to make a call...this is it! (If you want a data~laden, 3D blue~screen, lock-up, sketchie photo loadin&apos;, scratchie speaker, text to read-their-mind / see-people-nood ~yikes~ &apos;intelli-fone&apos; that don&apos;t work...get an iPhone)  Thank you very much."	1
If the seller can't respond to an offer no matter how the bid effects the seller emotionally then the seller shouldn't be selling goods and return to just being a consumer.	0
"if you have a MAC, stick with an iPhone"	1
Iike it very nice  still shiny no scrach  like it	1
I'm going  to  return  it	0
"Im really happy with this phone. Great purchase, fast shipping. "	1
im very disapointed the phone never got to me. i wont make another perchase.i think the phone would have been fine if i had gotten it. but i didnt so .........	0
"In December I switched to a Samsung S8 to save money, thinking that it would be just a good as my Iphone 7Plus. BOY WAS I WRONG there is no comparison! The iphone is more user friendly and has sooo many less ads! I am so glad I have my iphone 7 back, I will never change again!!"	1
In the thing it said nothing about have a very bad battery it dies way to fast it on last like 45 minutes.	0
"iPhone - a device quite revolutionary!  - revolutionary innovation  - very good screen: the size, number of transmitted color, resolution and coverage;  -  ;   -   ;  - good camera."	1
Iphone was for parts but with pictures posted thought the screen was in great condition but happens to be scratched and stained. 	0
"Is currently facing major issues with the  HTC M8 Phone.  Bought the Phone in July 2017, It's having Charge Port Problems. When I ordered this phone it was sent with the wrong charger for this device. Waiting for a response from Seller."	0
IS THIS item FOR REAL ??    500 $     some dude said he didn&apos;t receive it     EBAY IS IT A SCAM ??    IS this real folks ???    Ebay kindly look on this matter      500 $ For 128gb is this real ???	0
It came around when it was supposed to and it came as described in the picture. Good business	1
"it' damaged more then he sucribe in ebay, seller is very nesty, he is treating me and harassed us. he not reply us timely manner. even he did not reply us when we mailed him  very nesty seller"	0
It does not work and it is probably fake	0
"It fits nice in a shirt-pocket and is easily retrievable as it doesn&apos;t  fall sideways into the bottom of the pocket like flip phones, and then one must struggle to retrieve them, right them, and then flip open in order to answer.  It just goes straight to work making and taking calls and an occasional voice mail.  I don&apos;t have to carry around the extra weight of an mp3, camera, bluetooth, mini-computer etc; it does not try to be any thing, but an efficient and dependable cell-phone.  Love it--love it!!!  Proof of the beautiful and the just simple-go-to-work philosophy of the Sanyo SCP 6400 is emphasised by the fact there are only 25 pages in the english section of the owners manual needed to teach you everything about using it.  It does tend to take too many calls some days tho!  I am so impressed with it that I gave a 2 month old Moto-Krazr to my daughter and bought a used one off e-bay to replace my first #6400 that had gone to cell-phone heaven.  And I paid $5 more used than for my first one, brand-new. Gladly!! No color screen or menu of extra toys to flash to friends &amp; neightbors; just a dependable work-horse that is slim, light and stays out of my way til I need it,"	1
It has really long battery life comparing to iPhones. The camera is also one of the best and you wont regret it.	1
It is a good value for the price.	1
"It is a sleek looking phone with great battery life. The phones interface is supposed to be copied from the google &quot;android&quot; interface. The phone is very slow, and the on-screen keyboard is so small you can&apos;t use it without a stylus pen.   It is a difficult, and at times, confusing phone.  I chose to get it because i looked efficient, and durable. The manual that came with the phone was for the actual Google phone, and was of no help with the Xinrong phone.  It seems more like it would be used for a palm pilot than a cell phone. Overall I was disappointed in it."	0
"It is better than any smartphone because you don't have to run with a charger. If Samsung will decide to make it available for different carriers I believe they can make a lot of selling. The worst thing is the memory, but you can live with that. "	1
"It is just as good as phones double it's price, that have a more common/popular brand name. I'm happy with it. However its not a phone for clumsy people unless you get a case and screen protector quickly."	1
It is posible I end up with a defective and on top of that the seller never responded.   Phone overheat Micro SD gets unmounted automatically Phone's Screen goes off as soon as it begin dialing and and do not turn on while facing. ---- Very bad signal strength--- It just does not work indoors. Battery live very poor.  I looked on line and some of the problems I have are consider popular problem for this phone. I wish I could write a better review but this is my sperience. I am alredy saving to buy a LG... my budget is too tied to go for another defective Samsung.	0
It is very very very slow and hard to watch anything I am so disappointed can't even get data with any service	0
It my be used but it looks like new and my wife loves it	1
it shuts off randomly very bad physical condition	0
"It was a European phone that ""Could Not"" use a USA Sim Card."	0
"It was a very good product, with no defects on it at all. It came new in package with a new battery and the phone still had all the covering on it. I was very satisfied with the purchase, and it was a good price for how good of a phone it is."	1
"it was exactly as they said great phone shipped fast! id highly reccomend them :]its a great phone for messaging and the camera is the best on a phone ive seen an a long time, even better than the iphone! over all its the best simple/high tech phone out there :]"	1
"it was just as i expected,easy to use the price was reasonable,i needed phone but didnt want to pay full price at the store"	1
It was not unlocked as it stated it was and the battery life is poor.	0
It was supposed to be unlocked. We are still trying to get it unlocked now. 	0
"It will not work in UK, waste of money"	0
It works it&apos;s fully functional came with everything as was written worth the money def would buy more items in the future! Just can&apos;t describe it! Its a A+	1
It&apos;s a good phone and I&apos;m looking for one but...  $500 plus shipping!!!  32 sold!!!  I bet something is really wrong  I bet someone is trying to cheat us!!!	0
"It&apos;s beautiful. Phone is full of features. HTC Sense is best desktop for Android mobiles I ever used. Screen is huge. Camera works great. GPS is very fast. Connectivity is as usual, not great nor bad. Phone is fast enough to run any game I&apos;ve loaded."	1
"It&apos;s very expensive, however, I found www.ultimategadgets.co.cc and got one for free!     As you probably know, it&apos;s an expensive item for what it is... But, I didn&apos;t exactly pay for mine because I found a totally legal way of getting gifts like this for free!     Visit: www.ultimategadgets.co.cc     I&apos;m still receiving gifts like this, simply by completing just one offer like the Seattle Coffee free trial. There are many other offers that you can also complete. I personally think that the king.com offer is the best as it is quick and fun!     There are many other gifts on this site aswell, not just this product, you can get any consoles, HDTVs, iPods, iPhones, you name it, you can probably get it. You can even get cheques or Bank Transfers!   Take a look as I found it very helpful:     www.ultimategadgets.co.cc"	1
Item arrived on time and in described condition 	1
Item does not fully function. left side buttons and camera button do not function at all. Item was listed as refurbished but fully functional but unless their was absolutely no quality control then it was a blatant lie.	0
Item just as described.  Good seller	1
Item was as described. Very fast shipping. Perfect seller!	1
"item was not new used. and when i called company they said he has a passdue invoice with them. want refund has soon has possible,waste of time"	0
Its a fake phone and its use and send the wrong phone color I order  he sales fake phones 	0
It's a great phone the soon I got it up grade to 6.0 its work good & its fast I really recommend u will like it best buy I ever done !!	1
Its a reasonable price and trust me it's worth your money if you are on a budget.	1
"Its been a good phone, good batt life great display and faster speed than previous lg android. Only thing not as good is the qwerty keyboard."	1
"Its great, arrived in mint condition. Nothing to complain about really, it did arrive running in the box which made me concerned that it might have suffered burn-in but it was fine. I guess it just got pressed in the box somehow."	1
"Its nice , it was a gift for my little sister and she loved it ! Awesome and smooth transaction and delivery. Came in a day or 2 early!! I will definitely buy from this buyer again! "	1
It's perfect for my needs.	1
It's to small sucks is not unlocked	0
I've been fooled with this purchase since this phone is blocked by UNIVISION asking me for the key and the Apple ID created by this account. I want my money back on the page where the sale was posted it says it was clean as new I feel ripped off	0
"I've learned to read up about a product before purchasing and that's what I did, here.  I had a Motorola 376g that is going to be phased out of service and I needed an upgrade, and this has fit the bill rather nicely.  It has features the Motorola didn't have, sound is clearer and not so broken up as it was on the Motorola.  The Motorola was on the 2G service, tho, so I'm not faulting the hardware at all.  I'll miss the ol' Motorola, but thanks to this unit, I won't miss it much!!"	1
Junk no battery life do not buy you will regret it battery life is 4 hours even with brand new battery.	0
Just as described. Quick delivery. Works perfectly!  Excellent seller! A+++++++.  I would most definaty purchase again from this person.	1
Just picked up my new phone at the post office. Opened the box it's 10 of 10 or 100% perfect. O couldn't be happier so far.  	1
"Just what i was i was looking for, at a great price! i checked everywhere i could think and found this phone just in time."	1
"kind of ridiculous if you ask me. the android has over 65% of the apps apple has, FOR FREE. had nothing but issues with this phone. iphone is kind of lame EXPENSIVE way to waste money. if i were you, i&apos;d invest in the android market where you DONT HAVE TO BE IN WIFI to use the camera. who honestly would use that? get the evo i pay 80 bucks a month for unlimited EVERYTHING. at and t users pay 45 bucks ALONE for the internet. common. get real. you&apos;re wasting money. android is better."	0
La verdad el celular llego ms roto de lo que esperaba	0
"Le di 3 horas de carga, pero segua sin encender."	0
LG Lotus is a good phone.  It&apos;s a flip phone that has a QWERTY keyboard.  Much thinner than most phones with similar keyboards that have the slide out function.  Large LCD screen for easy reading the good feel with buttons that don&apos;t mesh together while inputing or texting.	1
Like new condition Great value	1
"Liking this new phone - did have a few scratches on it, but didn't buy the A grade so okay."	1
locked device and seller unable to provide unlock information	0
Looks brand new.  Exceeds my expectations	0
"Love all stuff you can do with it, great programs, great service and the most important thing is that I can make it work 100% in Mexico"	1
"Love it, fast shipping it's so beautiful"	1
"Love my new phone. Just had my old phone service transferred to new phone. Had new phone service for about a week and a half. But so far, love the new phone."	1
Love the phone and bonus one month plan	1
"Love the phone. If you like flip phones, this is the one. Rugged and sleek. "	1
Love this phone and seller helped me with problem.	1
love this phone!!!!!!!!!!!!!super fast and user friendly.Had it with another company and changed to verizon and didn&apos;t truely realize how good it was till it was gone. Would pick it any day over an iPhone.	1
"Love, love, love this phone. I do not use/want a smart as for my intents and purpose a basic flip phone is for me. I love the fact that it is wind, shock, and water proof and if I feel the need to get on the internet, I have that capability with a pay as you use deal. The one drawback, if you consider that a drawback is the camera doesnt take ""immediate"" shots. Once you clic to take the photo the camera/phone takes an additional 2 seconds to actually take the photo. I am not a photographer so no biggie. I had a Casio Gzone a while back and loved it and this phone is almost a clone of that one with better styling. Verizon wanted 49.99 for this phone plus 40.00 extra for hookup, and I would have to have agreed to a 2yr contract. I have been a loyal verizon customer for over 20 yrs and have never missed a bill and have not been on a contract for quite some time. I bought this phone that I wanted off ebay and it was less than what verizon was going to charge and no contract! No brainer. Thank you"	1
Luke the title said. Even worse i reached out to seller and nothing. Im a little sad.	0
man this phone is bullet proof. great phone for the money and perfect for teens. I dropped it on concret and Im 6-9 and it didnt do anything to the phone but put a little scratch on the back side of the phone and the battery lasts for 3 days on normal use.Great value for the money	1
"Me parece una falta de respeto que el vendedor se ausente despus de haber comprado mi articulo , aun no me confirma el envi y no se quiere poner en contacto conmigo"	0
Misleading description of item. The item is listed as unlocked and yet you cannot use it will other carriers. Only buy this phone if you use verizon.	0
Motorola I530-THE FIRST REASONS WHY I BOUGHT THIS Motorola I530-IS THE AWESOME PRICE-THE DURABILITY OF THIS PHONE-DON&apos;T HAVE TO GO TO A DEALER OR STORE AND DEAL WITH PUSHING SALESPEOPLE!! I KNEW WHAT I WANTED &amp; GOT IT-IT GOT HERE FAST-IT WAS JUST WHAT IT SAID IT WAS-PERFECT!	1
"muy buen articulo, lo recomiendo, una de las mejores ofertas en ebay.atractivo , funcional y lo mejor de todo su precio.  kyocera es tremenda compra."	1
"Muy mal servicio, me enviaron el equipo equivocado, y muy daado, no el que yo habia pagado, no lo recomiendo, no dan respiesta a los reclamos, pesima atencin, no lo recomiendo."	0
"My cell phone now doesn't work.  I don't know what is happening, it has been shut down for 1 month and the screen is green. It appears like it needs a reboot which I did, but it still doesn't work.  I need help please coz I don't want to throw it away. "	0
"My daughter loves this phone.She loves the fact that she can take photos at night and also the MP3 player and bluetooth, and the earphones for it.."	1
My first time on Ebay and it was not a good experience. I used PayPal and sent the money right away and I have never received the Sanyo Phone I ordered. I have filed a claim with PayPal and have not got my money back or any feedback from the seller. I was duped big time and may probably not use Ebay again!!!!!	0
My husband liked the phone but does not like the fact it doesn't stay charged..Battery gets drained while not in use..He closes all apps and still drains	0
"My mistake for buy. Thought it was an unlocked phone. Did not need it. r l ql l,dj kjo o2wj  ld rh nd e mq  oiej2op  1u i1 , he0oqljk l. uwil"	0
My phone came in good condition thanks !	1
My review is i never rcieved said item....so do not buy from this person ...EVER !! It has been over a  Month and a half and nothing not even a message or anything.no tracking number no buying	0
"My son took the battery out and put it back in to turn on and then it went to the white screen ""Blu bold like Us"" and wont go no where else!"	0
"My wife wanted a replacement for her Samsung Galaxy 5.   She stopped enjoying the phone after one year. I bought it for her for nearly $700.00.   The first problem was the phone was starting to look beat up. It was a white plastic case with chrome colored plastic.   Cosmetically, the phone was looking worse for the wear.   The second issue was the Micro USB port was not making good contact and it was getting difficult to charge the phone.  My wife was not complaining about performance.   The phone was plenty fast.  She did complain that the phone only had 16 GB which when I bought it was twice the 8GB she had on her last phone.  I showed my wife several bargain phones that she didn't like.  Several of the phones were styled to look like iPhones.   She said if you want to get me a phone that looks like an iPhone, buy me an iPhone.  When I showed her the YotaPhone 2, she really liked the look.  I was able to buy the YotaPhone 2 for her for only $139.95.   I had seen the phone advertised as low as $119.95 but all of the places listing that price were sold out.     I was concerned about two things.  The first was the resolution of the camera.  The other was that the OS was 4.4 and some software I used would not run on 4.4.  I went ahead and ordered the phone.   I was able to upgrade "	1
"needed a better smart phone ,this windows phone is much easer to use than my old phone would buy it again"	1
Never again will a good looking device and casual reviews get me to pay for a way outdated cell phone with terrible specs.	0
Never got the item no communication at all ..I hate when someone make me loose my time its the only thing I can't  get back..	0
Never received it.  Lost in shipment.  Money refunded.  Un happy camper.	0
Never received this product or my money back	0
New Blackberry Storm is faster and more reliable than the original version. ONLY issue is with very small print on the drop down menus.  Need small fingers to hit correct item.	1
"Nice little phone. Yes, the menu is the &apos;same old Nokia&apos; menu, but as with all Nokia&apos;s -   a) it&apos;s simple and functional  b) it doesn&apos;t crash.     If you want a good basic clamshell phone without the problems associated with other brands - then go for it."	1
"Nice phone i wanted to up grade,I will give it Excellent.  nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnice."	1
Nice phone. Arrived quickly.	1
"Nice, new Verizon Galaxy s4 . . . just as described. Very pleased with it !"	1
no complain about it	1
"No Hassle, Quick Delivery, Item as described.  Easy and quick purchase"	1
no problems to date	1
no thanks i dont like to write reviews the only thing i can say is that the phone is not working the way i will like to	0
"Nokia N8 GPS is perfect tool. It is so friendly. It allows you to download the maps. I can check the weather, the hotels, the restaurant, and so on.  The best part I think is I can choose different language."	1
"Not a very good phone.  Isn&apos;t even capable of using a bluetooth, and I&apos;ve tried 2 different plug in ear pieces, both don&apos;t work.    It gives a constant echo and I am going to throw it away very soon.  Bad purchase!"	0
"Not even a month and I am going to return it. Speaker phone is not very loud, when you switch to using the phone it hangs up. Going to return it. Not worth the money. Best Buy refused my return, and ebay wound not help because the seller refused the return. I couldn't even go to Best Buy and exchange it. Won't shop at Best Buy ever again"	0
"Not made for the US market; made for some Muslim country.  Phone has imbedded settings for prayer times in some 20 Muslim cities, it shows the direction of Mecca, and it does not have the standard languages such as German, Italian, Chinese and Portuguese. I have still to verify if it has all 4 wavelengths are advertised.   It does support English and French languages.   Supplier did clients a great disfavor by not listing the above features so that they can decide by themselves whether they wish to be burdened forever with the undesired features. Since I left for Brazil soon after the phone was delivered, I could not return it.   For this lack of information, I would rate the seller a 2."	0
Not satisfied at all. I bought this phone because in product description it says the battery stays very long but actually it barely last 2 days	0
not truthful about about what he is selling so buyer beware. and when i contacted the seller he had an attitude with me and did not offer to fix the problem at all. it only cost me a dollar but if enough people do what i did then this guy could make a lot of money off this sham	0
"Note 9 is one of the best Android devices found even still at middle 2019. S10's are on the go and we are expecting the glorious Note 10, but, for the moment, this 6''plus screen is one of the best devices you can get.  As everything from a predefined device, has some flaws, like the curved screen having some light bouncing to the very edge of the screen glass at peak luminance, and the fact that is an all-glass sandwich, wich requires some care on choosing screen protectors, and a hard case.   Besides all of that, the phone is a generous monster machine, at base specs of 128gb internal storage with extra Memory slot, 6gb of RAM, the super calibrated AMOLED screen, the famous S-Pen with now Bluetooth capabilities and color signature, a whooping 4k mhz battery and fast charging that works with 15W adapters, charging the phone from 0% to 100% in less than 2 hours.   Its a great all round device, and I'm expecting it to last some good years. "	1
Nunca pens que tendra mi telfono antes del tiempo de entrega gracias por ser tan rpidos en sus envos y tan responsables 100% recomendados....	1
"Ok. I had this phone on Verizon for the first phone (V325i) and it was excellent. Every feature worked great. So when I got a silver version of this phone from a family member I believe it was the v323xi? But it had horrible battery for the second phone, couldn;t send or recieve pictures and almost all of the time I got a message back saying that My message had been delivered. I was so happy to switch back to my Jest phone. At first this runs great/but getting it again is a big no no. But it is a very durable phone. For that I think it deserves SOME credit"	0
On Google the Galaxy Nexus is sold for $349:  https://play.google.com/store/devices/details?id=galaxy_nexus_hspa	0
One of the best phone out there and this is a deal you can refuse!!! Everything is new like i was told by Monster809...	1
"Only a half phone, without back ,wire and plug user manual.Dont need that. Money back at once.Need a phone. Dont send me more.You hawe to take cost of transport back.I need to by phone from other place.Gear Best is a good place to shop. How can you do this.Nothing to escuse.They new this."	0
Order the phone only to have to cancel the transaction. The seller had no problem giving me a refund. Seller is awesome	1
Ordered this is came quickly. We got it and opened it up!  Everything that was described and more!  It was exactly what we were hoping for!!!! Nothing wrong with it.  Works exactly as it should.  Everything was as it should be!  Couldn&apos;t be more thrilled!	1
"Outstandingly good! Very user friendly.  Works great! Siri is wonderful, size is great, sound quality is good and has an awesome camera."	1
Package was given the same way it was written. A pleasure doing business with. Would definitely recommend! 	1
Patient guy. Worked with me to get it despite Canada Post snafus.  What the f* else does ebay want me to write. Sheesh.	1
Perfect condition perfect everything activated as soon as i received it thanks again 	1
"Perfect phone, thanks to Blackberry I come through 4 different blackberry phones, but this is perfect..."	1
Perfect. As ordered.  Seller responds quickly to a problem with the data cable.  Thank you! 	1
Phone arrived fast and works exactly as described.	1
Phone came & the battery was bad. They sent another battery  and still after two months with the phone it still just doesn't stay on for long.  I messaged seller with no response 	0
Phone came without charger. Very unhappy :-(	0
"phone did not work,ringer is silent,teck at verison said speaker was bad.phone shipped on time, probally was not checked out properly."	0
"Phone doesn't charge and no matter how many different chargers I try, it's still dead. "	0
"Phone has good battery, and excellent camera compared to my note 4"	1
Phone is bad. Cant do anything on it its so slow alot of things dont work. Bad bad phone i hate it..	0
"Phone is great, love the touchscreen and small sleek size. Although I need to pull out the manual to know how to work it properly! looks and sounds great I love it!"	1
Phone is not durable. I had it for 2 months. And the screen went out do not buy it. If you want a phone that last aleast a year.	0
Phone is the 2nd HTC m8 I've owned...both started slow to not charging....beautiful phone but not worth the trouble	0
Phone lasted 2 weeks and can&apos;t be repaired. Can&apos;t be replaced either since they aren&apos;t made any more.	0
"Phone OK, Sell sucks big time"	0
Phone sounds like you are talking in a steel drum people I called could not understand me I MIGHT HAVE GOTTEN A BAD PHONE RECEPTION NOT VERY GOOD EITHER	0
Phone was as described and worked great. The car charger was not for this phone but does work so I am very happy	1
"Phone was good, arrived on time and was what I wanted."	1
"Phone was is good condition (advertised at &quot;excellent&quot; but the flip hinge was very loose and the lid would not stay open...I would call that &quot;good&quot;).  The phone I received was a completely different model than the one advertised (list title and description were for Motorola E815, but I received a Motorola W325). Bought it because of the price and supposed excellent condition, but disappointed that it wasn&apos;t the model advertised."	0
phone was not unlocked. we had to buy a simm card for one month before it became eligible to be unlocked. Finding this out was a real pain Poor errant description	0
"Phone wasn&apos;t as good as i thought.Only thing I like about this phone is the radio. I barely get signal with this phone, and so I had to buy another one to use. I do not recommend this model."	0
"Phone works Fine,Its a brand new phone.My friends ask where did you get that,you cant buy them anymore! I tell them EBAY!"	1
Phone works well it is a gift so would not be able to say much. But the person that received the phone is an older person that needed to see the numbers well and that it was not any trouble to maneuver. So far so good... would recommended if looking for a phone that is basic and simple to work.	1
Picked up the phone	1
Please give the correct details of the items when you put it for bid. I really suffered due to wrong description but i have accepted the item.	0
Poor construction. 	0
"Power button is stuck inside the phone. I think I gained a callus on the side of my pointer finger because I have to click it so hard. There was a small scuff and scratch near headphone jack, other than that the phone works 100%. Do NOT upgrade to Nougat. "	0
"probably the best windows phone 7 device out there currently.     works like a charm, fluid and smooth with no apparent lags .    camera is terrific and is one of htc best offerings.    the huge screen makes typing super easy and error free ."	1
"Product as described, well priced, shipped fast. Clean IMEI s7 for a couple hundred under retail, not bad! great seller."	1
"Product is great! I purchased for my daughter who is extremmely tough on phones! If it can hold up to her for a month, it is number one in my book. The sound quality is wonderful and the picture taken is great better than most. Trust me we have had a box of them with her."	1
"Product was delivered but damaged in route, so the seller asked that we return it and immediately we received a replacement phone. GREAT COMMUNICATION, friendly, and we are just fine.    Appreciate doing business with you!!!"	1
Product was supposed to be used only 5months and in almost new condition.speaker on phone did not work.corners of phone had good size scratches on them.Not what i expected.Sent back and got my money back.Except for the shipping and the hassle of having verizon activate then deactivate it.	0
"Pros: Excellent, easy-to-use (intuitive) interface. Lots of free apps to download (TruPhone, Pandora, Yelp, AirSharing, PixUp and ArtGallery are faves). Fast 3G. Outlook/Exchange connectivity works well (though sometimes push is delayed). Safari is great.    Cons: 2 megapixel camera is blurry in daylight, unusable at night/low-light. No copy and paste feature (not a big problem, though)."	1
Purchased broken phone that did not work!! Stated the phone was used but in working condition. Was dirty  and had sticky stuff in it. Refunded after several attempts but did not get refunded for shipping!! Im out of money!! Very disappointed!	0
Purchased this for my brother who has Alzheimer's. He cannot operated newer phones because they are too complicated for him. It is excellent condition and was shippped expeditiously. I may purchase a few more as he has a tendency to lose things! Thank you!!!	1
Que estupido charlatan  ojala coo te jodas hijo de la chigada 	0
"Quick, great condition, great transaction."	1
"Real quick deliver, item as described and very communicative "	1
Really great looking and excellent value 	1
"Recalled, stopped manufacturing of Note 7s. You may think it wont burn up on but so did the people that it happened to. Be smart, buy another SAFE device."	0
Received my used cell phone in great condition as offered by this seller. I am more than impressed with the quality of the phone.  Just as promised and shipped promptly.  Would buy again from this seller.  EXCELLENT!	1
Received the phone in a very excellent condition. Good correspondend with the seller.Seller answered Emails very quick. I would recommend to other people.	1
"Reception is good, way better than my old RAZR.  I&apos;m a H.S. Teacher and all my students really like the stylish looks of my new phone.   I don&apos;t text, but a few of them liked that the phone has a small keypad area so texting is faster.    The keypad has a great feel, I like the responsiveness of the buttons.  My phone came from Hong Kong apparently, the games are in some flavor of Chinese.  There are even Chinese characters on the keypad.  That&apos;s cool stuff to me.  Bluetooth works well, I sync it to my MacBook Pro using Apple&apos;s iSync software.  Contacts and Calendars sync perfectly.  Even the Contact photos sync too.  I really like this phone."	1
"Remember that it's used and at least in my case, the phone doesn't charge. I already ordered a replacement charging port to fix the issue. If you don't have the technical knowledge, remember to take repair cost into account before purchasing. The phone itself is amazing, Have been a loyal customer for HTC since their first One X. This unit is to replace another one M8 that died on me after 2 solid years of use."	1
Right out of the box was great easy setup it was upgradable to 6.0 witch makes even better by sharing the external memory battery life is awesome  only is the charger is a c class but worked around found adapter from c to micro used my Samsung chargers.  Over all love the phone 	1
Samsung Galaxy S4 is the best phone on the market... This phone is better than any iPhone..........................................................................................................................	1
"Scam, seller ended the auction as soon as I bid, messaged me 5 times in 3 minutes to pay and as soon as I did, disappeared. No response to anything, of course Ebay refunded the money, but do not buy from this Scam Artist!!!!!"	0
"Screens are expensive,hard to find (if using Kit Kat 4.4 or newer os) and very weak. The tiniest crack makes the screen not responsive.     Only good thing is they are easy to work on."	0
Seller advertised as clean mode but I recevied the bad imei !!!! Seller called Ebay and remove the feedback!!!  	0
"Seller did not deliver the UNLOCKED phone, which I ordered.    She emailed me and asked for the phone ID numbers so that she could call the phone company snd have it unlocked.    Several attempts to contact her has resulted in nothing, and the phone remains UNLOCKED.    Can you contact her and see if she can pick it up and get me the proper UNLOCKED phone?"	0
Seller has no response to my request. I just accidentally accepted the offer thinking its unlocked. But its T-Mobile. I sent many messages to him to cancel the order but no response. 	0
"Seller list the item as like new barley used,however that didn't match the description. The screen has a lot of scratches on it. Very disappointed with the screen conditions. Paying 500$ that's a ripoff "	0
"Seller said it was a branded new phone, it is not. Did not work after waiting almost two months for it to arrive. Will not be purchasing from Ebay again. "	0
Seller sent the wrong item and tried to pass it is as lumia 1020	0
"Seller used my account to scam credit card company out of the money for the phone they ""sold"". Shipped USB adapter instead of phone to bogus address. Do not buy anything from these folks. Even though EBay contacted them  about account hack they shipped the bogus item anyway 4 days later. "	0
"Sellers concealing the fact that cameras can't use equipment, and equipment used to have water marks, waterproof label has become red."	0
Sent wrong phone. They sent a Sprint phone instead of a Tmoble.  Very upset.  I  want my money back or a unlocked tmoble or metro pcs phone. Is call. 7187752208. Thank you.	0
"Shipment was prompt, at&t compatible & in good condition. Would recommend highly"	1
Shipping was fast and wonderful. Also responded to all questions in a timely manner. Would use this seller in the future.	1
"Sim card and SD card  cover is missing, not mentioned in description. Phone in good condition. "	0
Since phone got here it didn't have a charger or a battery with it. I can't give an honest review with a product that doesn't have all it's parts. 	0
small fits in my pocket w/out dialing xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx	1
"So far I really love this phone.  The pearl takes a bit of getting used to.  I used to have a regular clam-shell non-smart phone, and this one is definitely a change.      The phone is quite light and streamlined.  It feels very nice in my hand.  The casing is very shiny and smooth.  I can see it being scratched easily, but my phone was used, and it has barely any visible wear.  I am sure it was kept in the case, which if continued, I don&apos;t see why the phone would not continue to look as fabulous as it does now.     The screen is a nice size, the buttons, although small, are easy to navigate once you get used to the typing functions.  The texting is quite different than a regular phone, but it doesn&apos;t take long to get the hang of it.  I like that the words are on a list, but that I don&apos;t really have to even pay attention to it if I&apos;m in a hurry.    The only problem with the texting and pearl are that I couldn&apos;t see someone older using them.  The keystrokes would be difficult for an older person to control, the buttons hard to see, and the pearl very difficult to navigate.  The screen is large enough for me, but navigating it for someone with older eyes and hands might be difficult.    The sounds so far have been fine, and the graphics are nice.  There are so many great features to keep organized, which I love.  I am a sucker for planners and calendars.  It&apos;s nice to have everything in one place.    I haven&apos;t set up my work email yet, but I&apos;m sure this function will work just as well as all the others.  My only complaint is that at this time I have been unable to access the internet, despite havinga  data plan.  I&apos;m not sure at this point if this is because of my service (Verizon), or the phone itself.  I hope I am able to work this one kink out.    Overall, I couldn&apos;t be happier with my new phone!"	1
"So far, I absolutely love the iPhone 3GS with iOS5! The only downside to this device is that the phone shuts off randomly at around 30%. I think this is just a software glitch that easily be fixed. Other than that, the device is great. I love the ease of access; setting up my email was a breeze, and i loaded all my photos and music easily. This phone is a great buy!"	1
"So I&apos;ve had this phone for about 4 to 6 months now and I wouldn&apos;t recommend it. It&apos;s easy to use, but sometimes my apps don&apos;t work. The phone restarts itself randomly a lot, and once i dropped it literally like 6 inches and all of my music was gone. It did come back eventually but it took awhile. I have poor service in areas where I should have good service. Sometimes I even lose service in those areas. The battery life is awful. I feel like all I&apos;m doing is charging the phone. When I don&apos;t have all the problems I like the phone because I prefer smartphones, but I don&apos;t need anything super high tech. So overall it&apos;s an okay phone, but I have lots of problems with it, so I wouldn&apos;t recommend it."	0
"Sold me phone that had water damaged. The phone kept getting extremely hot when it was charging, took it to the Genius Bar and they found the liquid sensors have been triggered meaning it had water damage. Gizmotrader or whatever claim they have a 20 point inspection which is obvious complete BS. Saw them repost the same phone after I returned it. Buyer beware!"	0
"Sony won't service this ""old"" phone. Will never buy Sony anything again. "	0
Speaker and mic issues! Speakers do not work but 20-30% of the time. People can not hear when I call so the mic isn't working right. Speaker phone doesn't work either. Pretty much useless phone now since I cannot make calls.	0
"Still a high quality great ease of use phone, Beats samsungs small line of flip phones, stronger all around, stronger signals, nice texture for slip resistance, loud, easy to hear."	1
Stopped working after 1 week	0
Super fast phone i have ever had. Excellent functionality.	1
"superrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrWould you recommend this product to a friend?   Yes, I would recommend this product to a friend.   No, I would not recommend this product to a friend.  Preview  Submit  Canceldsadfddsgfadsfdsafwerwqdasf3rsddsfdsfdsffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff"	1
Tell us about this product and share your opinion with others. This is your review of the product and not a review of any seller that might have sold you this product.	1
"Terrible service..  Doesn't support T-Mobile at all..  When the ""phone"" arrived,  all the language was in Chinese,  I dropped my last phone and quite literally had pieces falling off everyday,  and it kills this phones service and my last phone was $100 less "	0
"Thank you for getting us this phone so fast, it is a christmas gift and i know my husband will love it, we are very happy with your service and will buy from you all again"	1
Thank you so much for your speedy shipping and excellent communication. 	1
Thank you! The phone came in quickly and is working great! Good battery life.	1
Thanks for a great deal on a great phone.. Extremely fast shipment   	1
"Thanks great purchase, reliable, fast and will help u if something is wrong. Thanks"	1
"Thanks, the product arrived in perfect condition and works at 100% "	0
"The  product was  not  advertised  as  refurbished.  The seller   did  t  say that   it  was  repaired,  screen was  shattered  and  other  parts  repaied.  phone  turns  on and  off  intermitrantly"	0
"The add said that was a BRAND NEW LG VX9400 and it was not, was an used one.. I am very unhappy with this."	0
the battery arrived dying (held a charge about 8 hours when phone was idle).  The round start button works about once out of 6 presses.	0
"The battery is very bad, doesn't have long battery life!!! and it restarts itself every time:( "	0
The beet phone for this price with good camera and it's very fast	1
"The best Windows phone yet!!!  It captures the eye as well with it&apos;s sleek design and white shine.  Was disappointed in the Flash, but this time, Samsung got it right."	1
The camera does not take hd photos & when you take the video it don't catch the sound that good	0
"the cell phone is not unlocked to any company as his ad said, besides that the touch screen does not work properly .. very bad"	0
"The cellular phone is ok, but is no the same that I have before. It doesn&apos;t have some tools like the old one I mean call forwarding, mp3, and it works in different way."	0
The curve 8520 is also good for those of you who are new to the blackberry world and want to get acquainted with all that Blackberry has to offer. It&apos;s easy to use and does not compromise any features. The curve also has a camera.	1
The description stated no cracks and there are 2 cracks on the screen. I am very dissatisfied with the product.	0
The discription was not complete nor accurate while the sighns of wear were there there was no mention of the screen being cracked.	0
The fingerprint sensor of my galaxy s5 got me broken	0
"The Free iPhone Guide       To get yourself a free iPhone all you have to do is follow the 3 easy steps:     Step 1 : Sign up for a free iPhone   Sign up at the link below to get your free iPhone. We recommend this free iPhone site because it&apos;s been TRIED and TESTED to work.     http://gifts.kudosnetwork.co.uk/?ref=172 (copy and paste into browser)     You can choose other prizes like free consoles from this site too! Make sure you use a real email address. Use your real details when you sign up so that the company knows where to send your iPhone! Remember that they have been proven legitimate, so will send you your free iPhone if you do everything legitimately!     Step 2 : Try an advertiser&apos;s offer   Basically all you need to do in this step is complete one of the offers, this is where the freebie site make their money, if you complete an offer then the freebie site will recieve commission for it. So if you complete Coral which will only cost you 5 to complete, the freebie site gets 25 from Coral. The two best offers are Lovefilm Free DVD rental (rent two DVD&apos;s, keep them for about 2 days, send them back and then cancel the trial) and Coral (bet 5 on a sport). I would reccommend you do Coral as it credits in an hour and is really simple to do, Lovefilm however can become complicated and takes up to 2 weeks to credit! You can also try one of the other offers, most are gambling offers. Don&apos;t skip this step! You must complete this step to get your free iPhone!     Step 3 : Refer some friends   This part is a lot easier than it seems, especially now with free iPhone sites getting so popular. There&apos;s lots of people online who want a free iPhone too, so start referring them! You only need to get a few signups before you&apos;ll be finished. You can ask your friends or your online buddies. I already got a free PS3, Wii, and XBOX Elite without even having to ask my friends for help - there&apos;s lots of people online who want a free iPhone like you! One of the easiest ways to get a referral is to do a favour for a friend and ask them to sign up in return. That way, you both can get a free iPhone!     Basic rules   Don&apos;t break these rules! This is the only reason that you won&apos;t get your free iPhone, so make sure you follow these rules!     - One account per household - don&apos;t use a public computer to sign up!   - Use real information - this is a proven legitimate site and they will not give out your information.   - Only complete each offer once! You cannot complete the same offer again, even for different freebies.   - Don&apos;t try to cheat the system. This site has been proven legitimate, and they will catch you if you try to cheat. If you do everything legitimately, by following this guide, you will get a free iPhone!     Thats all, just follow my guide and you will have your free iPhone in no time.     Thank you."	1
"The handset was unlocked, that was the first requirement i was looking for.  Secondly, it was a nokia, which was what i was hoping for.  Thirdly, it had a colour screen and enough memory for all my contacts, but wasn&apos;t so complicated that it needed a catalogue of intructions to work it!    Pure Bonus was the price and the excellent condition of the phone. I am very happy, many thanks to the seller!"	1
"the IMEI number on this phone is for a 2G network which according to the AT&T tech support is shut down.  This product is advertised as 4G, the package says 4G, but the phone IMEI is only 2G. virtually worthless. Can't send MMS messages, pics etc.  pretty much a dumb phone with a bigger screen IF you have WIFI."	0
"The IPhone 7, Verizon unlocked phone came, not in the box as represented, but rather, wrapped in packaging instead.  The phone was not unlocked but locked.  Bad, Bad. It is un-useable to me. "	0
The iPhone took a week to ship & then when it arrived it was locked by an iCloud user. 	0
The item has to be returned because the phone only turn on once after been charged for 6 hours and never turned on.	0
The item received was not the item ordered.  This would NOT work with my Verizon account as it was for prepaid service only.  Total loss of $61.00 and I donated the phone to a battered woman&apos;s shelter.	0
The item was perfect and it worked and looked just as described. Also the delivery was fast.  Thanks Seller	1
"The LG Chocolate TG800 from Rogers who is offered at a very high price as regards the functions. The Chocolate one dissociates majority of the devices by these keys which are tactile on the front of the device.  It has a camera of 1.3 mega pixel, which will enable you to take photographs of a certain quality. It has a screen of 176x220.  It does not have any touch screen which would facilitate navigation in the menu. No connection WIFI is present."	1
"The main reason for purchasing this product was because my dad needed a new phone. It was not one of the very latest however it had the necessary and &quot;bonus&quot; features; speakerpone, a mini lcd (that shows who&apos;s calling w/o  picking up the phone) web&amp; smart texting capabilities... I alsolike this phone because of its sleek look and variety of colors."	1
"The Motorola hint QA30 is a very easy to use phone. The camera takes very good quality photos. Speaker phone, qwerty key pad work awesome. I would recommend this phone to anyone!"	1
"The Nokia 8890 is a great phone.  Unfortunately the used phone I bought did not work on the T-mobile network, as it was advertised."	0
"The only thing I disliked is that there is no place for a wrist strap or even one you can hang around your neck so you don&apos;t lose it.  Other than that, I love everything about the phone so far!!!!!"	1
The parts I needed in good condition	1
The phone arrived extremely quick. Super fast and excellent. Still searching for scratches and cant see any. Mint condition 	1
"The phone broke, it will not charge at all. A TOTAL WASTE OF MY MONEY!"	0
"the phone came scratched in 2 places, can&apos;t offer a gift that is scratched. could&apos;ve been upfront about the exact condition."	0
The phone did not fit the description.  It did not hold a charge.  It said charging complete and it would have no bars.  Was not satisfied with it at all.	0
The phone does not display good images. It is not very well functional either. When I tried to stay in contact with the seller they would not reply to my messages. It is the worst phone I have ever bought as well as the support from the seller being terrible. I do not recommend buying a phone from this seller. 	0
THE PHONE DONT TURN ON IT DONT MAKE NO NOISE ITS A DEAD PHONE I SENT IT BACK OUT TODAY THE SELLER WILL HAVE IT BACK MONDAY THE 12TH IF YOU MESSAGE ME ILL GIVE U THE TRACKING NUMBER THANKS        TERESA	0
"The phone had some pics in the phone,so it was used.It look a like new but maybe the faceplate was changed."	0
The phone has several passwords on it and everything is blocked except my ability to make phone calls .  I sent the seller emails but he didn&apos;t reply .	0
"the phone i got was not the same as the one pictured on e bay.  I couldn&apos;t get it to work so I took it down to my carrier, they couldn&apos;t either.  I went on vacation so I could not return it within 14 days.  I e mailed Sony and they never returned my e mail."	0
the phone i received was a stolen phone. i decided to buy it to save money. i picked the wrong seller.	0
"The phone is amazing. Unfortunately, the customer support behind it is extremely poor. Purchased this phone back December 2017, had an RMA in March as half of the screen was freezing (look it up on youtube) and exchanged it at the Microsoft store. 6 months later a second screen issue has now occurred, this time the top 1/2"" of the screen digitizer is not responding to touches. This is also a defect and has videos posted online. The manufacturer is very, very difficult to deal with. It takes a minimum of 48 hours for any sort of response and currently they can't even assist me as they don't have these in stock. This is the most frustrating customer service experience I have ever had in my life and I am very disappointed with the company behind this phone, as the device itself was amazing when it worked."	0
"The phone is excellent, it meet all my need. I have been playing around with all the features for few weeks and I still have a long way to go. My daughter has a new one she bought fro AT &amp; T and I know I got a good deal."	1
"The phone is great, very easy to use, smooth great design and finish, how ever the battery life well  isn&apos;t so great, battery lastes like about a day to a day and half but besides that its an awsome phone"	1
The phone is in great shape and works awesome! Thank you so much! 	1
"the phone is nice, was beat up more than i thought described, but the type of phone is super................................................................................................................................................"	0
"the phone is ok. but the description is not right because the camera is 8.0 not a 16.0 and the software is att and I don,t like att and don,t say on it only say operating sistem android is why I give two start"	0
"the phone is used, but in excellent condition better than described. below average price. old version and baseband firmware, easy to jailbreak and unlock."	1
The phone itself has good features good camera and other applications that can be given its touch screen is good for access to its functions	0
The phone looked real good in the description and I bought it for my son.  I have never received the phone so my son would not know if it was what he wanted or not	0
the phone never reached me the sender kept sending me fake tracking number...thanks to ebay i got the money back..	0
The phone stopped work after one month. Something wrong in the hardware. Absolutely not a good choice.  	0
"The phone was a great deal,it was just like new,except for not having to pay over 325.00 for a brand new one. This phone is like brand new not a mark on it. IT WAS A GREAT VAULE in price. Quick delivery as well. Thanks for such a great deal !!!!!!!"	1
The phone was clean but no scratches but the SIM card doesn't work only can get 3G service so I'm a little disappointed 	0
The phone was for my son and we did not connect it.  It just like carrying a phone. It was in excellent condition and everything worked properly that could work with a phone not connected.	1
"The phone was in great shape, it just wasn't able to connect to my sim card. i thought if it had a clean imei then it should be able to connect to any sim card... and then when i returned my phone back i still haven't received my refund....not good business at all."	0
The phone was never sent and seller does not respond to messages. 	0
"The phone was probably okay, I assumed it was unlocked as represented but after I paid, I found out it was locked and sent it back and then the Seller dropped off the planet and I got no new phone.  So I had to write the credit card company and cancel the purchase.  Pain..."	0
the phone was unable to to read my sim card and when I went to T mobile they tried a new sim card and it was not able to read that one either. I returned the phone	0
The phone will only make emergency call. ?? Not Good.	0
The phone works great and was in great condition. Shipping was fast and the transaction was effortless. Thanks!	1
The Phone&apos;s condition were completly different of what the seller had on ebay. I will never sell something like that. On top of that I got to item from the same seller and he charged me delivery for both of them when and send it in the same package. he said that multiple items was in delivery charge but that was not what he did.	0
the pictures u have are two different phones!!!	0
The product arrived sooner than expected and in perfect condition! Activated smoothly and runs flawlessly! 	1
"The product is a piece of garbage.  After being spoiled with a company issued Iphone at my previous job and having experience with my wife&apos;s virgin mobile Android, I am ready to toss this thing in the trash.  The phone takes forever to change menus, it is not intuitive, and need I mention.... Windows blows!"	0
"The product itself is a great phone. However, the one that I purchased here was terrible. It was not in the condition that the seller claimed it was. Tried to file a claim, and contact the seller with no reply so, all around, BAD DEAL."	0
The product was in excellent condition and the price was very good. This was a replacement for a phone that was broken. I am very satisfied with my purchase.	1
The purchase resunto bad because this cell. 3g does not work. I claim this seller i did not fix the problem does not work. I claim this seller i did not fix the problem.  In the place where I live there 3g service but this cel. not what it says it does not bring the technical characteristics	0
"The said blackberry is not unlock as discribed, unlock means it can work outside US with any other sim card network provider. I just inserted sim card and its asking me to unlock before i can use it. "	0
The screen has burned in images of the keyboard and previous installed application icons.   Functionally it works fine.	0
"The seller advertise this phone as a public wireless phone, it was not.  Purchasing this phone cost me much, time and the loss of the money that I spent purchasing this product.  It was a major disappointment for me. I don't usually give reviews, but because of the bad practice.  I felt I must leave comments."	0
"The seller didn't check phone before shipping out, the rear cammera is bad, the photoes taken are not clear, a very disappointing shopping trip!"	0
"the seller is a scammer sending a copy phone, a Chinese imitation of Samsung, is a scammer"	0
The seller not are serius about the sales 	0
The seller sent me a email on Friday with the tracking number indicating that the item had been mailed out that day.  Two days later on Sunday the seller notifies me that the item was damaged while packing it so payment had to be refunded.  So clearly the seller had not sent out the item on Friday as the email statement.    To add insult to injury Paypal refuses to refund my money immediately.  They provide the seller with an immediate credit into their account but they don&apos;t do the same in the reverse.	0
The seller tried to scam me.... it is an iPhone 3G and it won't even turn on. 	0
The seller would not let me send it back as it was a wrong item ordered.  When I tried to get it to work it would not even come on.  He was going to charge me if I returned so I marked it up as a thing I will have to live with and be very careful when ordering items on Ebay.	0
The sliding keyboard doesn't work so well and there are scratches all over the item not worth 35$!!!!	0
"The telephone is good, BAD ARE THE SELLERS, that when the bid is won and they do not like it in the price that one wins the bid they cancel the purchase, and they say that the address is wrong and they have already sent to the same address, I do not recommend them."	0
"The TXTM8 is a sliding-style phone, equipped with QWERTY keyboard, and a few ports for different forms of input/output (charger &amp; usb, memory card, earbud/headphone jack). It is about the size of a powder compact, which is good if you like saving space in your bag or pocket. While the buttons are pretty small, they are still rather easy to use.     The TXTM8 can either be bought in conjunction with one of Cricket&apos;s regular wireless plans (with the activation fee being $15 maximum) , or with one of their PAYGo plans--and none of the Cricket plans require a binding 2-year contract. With PAYGo, there are no extra fees or taxes to pay--those are already included in PAYGo&apos;s $45/mo. plan. You are only charged for the days you use your phone to call, text, or surf the web(no charge for web if you are only looking at Cricket&apos;s webpages, such as the Cricket Storefront).    As a PAYGo phone, it would cost $79.99 at a Cricket Wireless dealer, plus tax. $5.00&apos;s worth of service (or 5 days of talk) are complementary upon activation (which you can do online, by phone dialing *228, or in-person). If you want a nice smartphone without being bound to a 2-year contract, the TXTM8 is one such savvy option offered by Cricket Wireless."	1
The whole operating system was wiped when we got it so it was worthless. We couldn't even get our service provider to turn it on. Useless.	0
thee battery was very poor if ends really quick and inside the phone was virusiss that went inside my computeri totaly  did not work.	0
There more than what they describe about the phone on eBay. They tell me that this phone had problem and told me see if Motorola cut warranty the phone. Ya ok. That's not case. It had problem internal problems with the software. I spent 154. For this phone and not happy at all. I notify eBay about this person.	0
"These are tough, long-lasting phones.  We just used our first one to death, and my husband is one of those HARD on phones kind of guys (drops them alot, in and out of water).  Glad we found these phones!"	1
They are selling the box of the phone only for over $600.. it is not the phone. Be sure before you make the purchase	0
"They mention phone comes  with home charger, but came only with usb cord . Battery is totally damage,  phone not even turning on.i don't know why they send it to me nothing work.i am so disappointed because I am leaving tomorrow for out of country and I really need this phone today "	0
"They shipped the first phone out to me immediately.  Had a couple of minor problems with the phone and requested a return.  Got back with me immediately with a return number, no questions asked, only apologies for the inconvenience.  Later purchased this Samsung, received it immediately, and have been happy with the phone.    Would recommend to everyone.  Great job."	1
"think I like everything about this phone, small size to put in your pocket or purse. easey to program and overall is a great phone"	1
"This buyer told need to replace front camera & speaker & I did , still not working , apple said from the motherboard fault . Now what can I do ? "	0
This cellphone is sucks scratched everywhere the cmara dont work sucks!!!!!	0
This exact phone can be purchased from walmart for under $200. I shop on ebay to find deals. Looking for this phone but not at this price.	0
"This guy sold the same item yesterday ( which I won) then, cancelled the order after I had won, saying that there was an inventory problem. An hour later he posted this same phone for sale again, $47 higher than the winning bid- DISHONEST, UNETHICAL practices BUYERS BEWARE!"	0
"This iPhone 6 Plus its all I need !!!  For pictures , video , and applications too ."	1
this is a bad phone. basically this phone was stolen. so we could not activate it. straight talk said that either this person did not buy the phone from the store and stole it or the store didnt scan it right.	0
"this is a good phone to have and i loved it this phone has an great ca,era and has a great screen and a great keyboard i loved it it ws pur amazing and i would give this phone a try"	1
"This is a great little phone and it's my long-time favorite. I've replaced this model 3 times, this being the third time. It fits perfectly in my pocket and though I use a Motorola Droid Maxx (XT1080), I keep the Razr M (XT907) as a backup and to play on."	1
"This is a great phone right up there ""almost with"" Samsung Galaxy series, iPhone, or Nexus 6P. If you don't want to pay top dollar for the top end phones buy one of these for a lot less and get very satisfactory performance."	1
This is a great phone. It is fast and has a great battery life. I use this product for personal and business. The screen is just perfect. It is not too big nor too small.	1
This is a great starter phone for a young person. Inexpensive and fully functional.	1
"This is a real scammer, the description in their articles is a hoax and evades everything to not solve the claims, it is not good to buy from this seller. is scammer "	0
this is a very durable phone. Its battery lasts and lasts when my iPhone has already died on my amtrak or greyhound. I carry both iPhone and this one. This is very dependable.	1
This is an amazing phone if wanna have a simple phone.	1
This is an old phone. Bought it as a joke and don&apos;t even have a charger for it. It is great as a gag gift but probably not very useful with today&apos;s technology.	0
"This is hands down the best unlocked phone you can ever own. Compare this to any flagship out there and I believe this phone is much better. Better than the new Iphone, Galaxy or new LGG5 phones out there. I had the OnePlus 1 before I got the Nexus 6p and I don't regret it one bit. If you don't know much about this phone do your research and get your hands on one immediately. It is buttery smooth and is up to date and will be the first to get updates straight from Google. NewEgg was the best alternative if you can't find it on the Googlestore do yourself a favor and avoid the gimmicks and bloat of other device camps and get you a carrier free Nexus device!"	1
"This is my first smart Phone, and I was pleased to have purchased it. This refurb model is in excellent Physical condition, and it all seemed to work as designed  , , ,for a month.  However, even after re-installing the Android Operating system (v. 4.4.2, the latest one available for this model), the phone will not dial out reliably. Because the phone/Android systems are not current, it seems not possible to upgrade it and get it working properly. I don't know if it's this particular phone, or if all Enacts are this way.  I cannot rely on this phone, it's past the 60 day return time, and I will need to replace it with a  phone that actually makes calls."	0
"This is my very first iPhone, and while the features of the phone are great, I am very disappointed in the battery life.  With all the craze about the iPhone I honestly never expected such a poor battery performance. Guess I never read enough reviews on the 4S. All these wonderful features are to no avail if the battery constantly die on you while using them."	0
this is one of the best phone that samsung has made unless there is an upgrade - it also has one of the fastest process and many accessories	1
"This is refurbished, I enter the code check to the phone was supposed to be black.  And the back cover buckle not live, may be the seller replaced the motherboard.  Loud speaker volume will break the sound."	0
"This is the best phone I have ever owned. I got this instead of the Motorola Electrify from US Cellular because of the huge difference in price. This phone has been nothing but great so far. It runs fast and smooth and the virtual keyboard works perfect. I text faster on this phone then my Samsung Acclaim even without a real QWERTY keyboard. It has a great touch response and feels great in my hand. It is thin and light even with the Otter Box case I have put on it. The battery has very decent life as long as you use an app to kill programs running in the background you are not using. It is also great for games. I play Need For Speed Hot Pursuit on it daily. It has better graphics than even newer PSP games and runs and loads fast. The only suggestion I have for keeping it running fast is to make sure any app you download is moved to the SD card if available. It also has the fastest download speed I have seen for a phone on the 3G US Cellular network. With full bars I download from Android Marketplace at about 450KB a second. I&apos;m not certain on the upload speed, but pictures you take with the 5 megapixel camera upload to Facebook in about 3 to 4 seconds."	1
"This is the Nokia 6230i vs 6230. The &quot;i&quot; keyboard is not as easy to use as the 6230.     I liked the 6230 enough to want to replace it, BUT ...    I purchased this to replace a lost 6230, I could have learned to use the 6230i keyboard, however this is a 2G phone and my contract carrier is ATT who is actively phasing out 2G.     Since my old 2G 6230 was working it came as a surprise that ATT WILL NO LONGER ACTIVATE A 2G phone period. So, if you have a 2G phone working with ATT enjoy it, but don&apos;t think you can replace it with a 2G phone like this.     At this point, unless (but not sure of this point) I change carriers this formally very acceptable phone (to me) is useless.    I&apos;ll put it out on eBay cheap soon, and try to recoup some of what I paid for it. I&apos;m assuming other carriers will still activate 2G? And potentially carriers in other countries?    The seller offered to buy it back for around a 1/3 of what I paid (not including return shipping), sporting of him I must say, but why throw good money after bad?"	0
"This is the tracking #( 9505516003887086084379) I just returned this phone because doesn't work, it is locked and can't activate with any company, thank you, after you receive this item please deposit my full refund to my PayPal account."	0
"This isn't the seller fault. But the construction is atrocious. Of course you can't ask much for this price but they way they ""engineered"" the SIM and SD slots...After inserted the 1st SIM couldn't get it back out without damaging the connectors..."	0
this item Sucks I got it and charged it with 10 different chargers and 2 of them where NEW and it NEVER TURNED ON I even took it to best buy and stuff and every where I went they said... it's broken. WHY DID I BUY THIS FROM YOU!!!	0
"this its the fast-best phone that I have in my hands, its an amazing, beautiful, great phone, its fast, its the best screen resolution, the life battery its excelent because I dont need to worry about charging..."	1
This Nokia is the most versatile phone I ever have used.  Easy to use and you approach it more of curiosity to enjoy its function.  You will discover several functions that is out of the ordinary...  I love this phone!	1
"This person is selling a fake iPhone 7 Plus, the phone looks identical to the iPhone, but loaded with Android OS.  Asked eBay to step in and help to solve the case, but eBay sided with seller and denied to refund the money, same as with PayPal, which I used it to pay for it.  And I won't give up til I get my money back.  STAY AWAY FROM THIS SELLER."	0
"This phone brand is awesome, it meets all my expectations."	1
This phone didn&apos;t work properly and the seller don&apos;t answer my emails to return it so I can&apos;t say anything about it	0
this phone does not work with T mobile 4G network. only 3G. useless.	0
"This phone has &quot;okay&quot; features, but it doesn&apos;t last very long at all. This is a very poorly made phone &amp; I would not recommend this phone to anyone ever. I sent this phone back immediately when I got it. I thought maybe it was just that the owner hadn&apos;t taken care of it because the screen worked for about 3 minutes (not exaggerating) and it quit.  So I ordered another one just like it on E-bay, and this one the screen didn&apos;t work from the start. So that makes 2 phones in less than a week that I bought that didn&apos;t work. I went online to see if there was a way to fix the screen problem because when the screen doesn&apos;t work, you can&apos;t do anything with the phone and come to find out, these screens go out on a regular basis, I read at least 20 stories of this happening.  DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!"	0
this phone has everyhing you need . i would prefer it over any other virgin mobile phone besides the blackberry .	1
"This phone has so many features its hard to list them all! Has all the basics and many extras like gps, internet explorer, text messaging w/windows, mp3 and lots of downloads! super bargain for all you get!"	1
This phone is a great alternative to a flip phone as the querty keyboard makes it easier and faster to text.    It is also a pretty good mp3 player.    Excellent phone for the price!	1
"This phone is advertised as having 4GB internal storage. It only registers 1.73GB out of the box. Others found the same thing too late as did I. The phone has a mind of its own. Pictures show a thumbnail of a different picture in the gallery. This makes it hard to find what you want and show or send it. I temporarily solve this by dumping the original ""gallery"" and replaced with Google Photos. The built in messaging would refuse to download pictures. Sometimes removing and reinstalling the battery would help. After testing a dozen other apps, I found one(???) that seems to work as it should. The GPS is pretty useless. I can almost see the satellites, but this phone can't most of the time. My $10 Alcatel was better than this except the screen size. There are no other redeeming features to this phone. It's not the seller's fault as he did his job, but this phone is totally misrepresented. I had already ported my number and contacts over before learning this. Now I'm stuck until I have more money."	0
This phone is awesome. Super great lg fonts.  Easy to set up.  The people that helped me were hreat.  Used 5 star.  Thinking of calling back to bget the medical aleart.	1
"This phone is exactly what I needed. My old version was pretty beat up, and this black and orange one works perfectly and looks great.  It was easy to switch the sim card and battery."	1
THIS PHONE IS GOOD VERY NICE  	1
This phone is great. Buttons are a little small but overall I am real happy. My kids think it is the coolest phone out there. And they know technology better than me.	1
This phone is locked do not buy it.	0
THIS PHONE IS NOT UNLOCKED 	0
This phone is pimp tight for the price. There is not a better bang for your buck than the J7. It's just as fast as the S7 on 99% of anything your doing. Great Buy	1
This phone is stolen    Be careful whit this person.  Very bad person.    	0
This phone is useless. Sprint is not going to be supporting this phone soon. Please do not waste your money. I don&apos;t know much about the phone because I went to activate it and Sprint said that it would be a waste of money.	0
this phone isnt a octacore. is a sm g930U	0
"This phone poorly functions. The speaker and ear piece don't work well and frequently lose sound.  The earpiece doesn't function at all, and using headphones is in and out. Takes good pictures and has a large screen which is nice, but the poor function make this a non-starter. "	0
"This phone sucks! It broke 1 month after I received it. The screen went out, parts were loose &amp; the phone was falling apart. Very cheaply made. I ended up changing my service provider because I&apos;d had 4 Virgin phones over the last year. Very bad qulity product. Total waste of money!"	0
This phone was advertised a US Cellular phone but it was a Verizon pay as you go phone. I have been unable to use it or sell it and I would like my money back. I have been unable to reach this seller to return it.	0
This phone was horrible it will not charge and I bought it for my sons birthday very disappointed and the seller was no help had to go through eBay for my money back	0
"this phone was posted as NEW. Well isn't new, i would say new other (dents , sign of wear). i wanted to return, but paying shipping i would lose the money i could buy better one"	0
"This phone was way better than I imagined.  They described the phone accurately, and I had no problems activating it or using it.  I am very pleased with this seller.  They had shipped promptly and I received the phone within 2-3 days of winnng auction."	1
"This phone works great, I have had this phone for 2 years and since sprint took out the second antenna on the galaxy s 4 and 5 (which will not allow you to be on internet and talking on phone at same time). I am staying with the galaxy 3 fo as long as I can."	1
"This Product  is do not work please return my money back.I recive this product but is not work , i returned but i do now why ddo not receive my money.  Thanks"	0
this product is very excellent product. i would recommend this to anyone............................................................	1
"This product was way cheap. Good Value, and snazzy to!  I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a cheap, replacement flip phone."	1
"This seems like a great phone, but as it is an Alltel phone it is no longer supported on any network. Verizon has recently purchased Alltel and is not bringing over any of the Alltel phones unless you are an existing customer with your existing phone. All new phones to be Verizon phones. This is a very pretty paper weight. Don&apos;t make the mistake of buying one, you won&apos;t be able to use it, they don&apos;t unlock either."	0
"This seller has been nothing but honest, fair, quick with response, having all that said this has been an easy transaction and i will be recommending this seller to others and will use this seller in the future. I have nothing but good thing to say and the utmost respect for this seller. thank you so much!!  Sherri Lyn"	1
this seller is good but his phones or not worth your time he takes care of it but again if he replaces it you might get something u dont wont	0
This seller placed the item for sale and once I won the auction cancelled it giving me a refund. EBay says that items are cancelled because they may be out of stock or damaged. It was advertised as in stock and in nearly perfect condition. Why was it even for sale in the first place? The seller would now. 	0
This seller was very fast at shipping I got the phone before items that I had bought days before item was just as described thank you very much Ron.	1
"This thing is not NOT and unlocked AT&T phone. When you turn it on, the boot screen says ""SPRINT"". Because of this it is only 3G and not 4G. It will never fully work correctly on AT&T. I've been had. I would return but which liar do I believe next?"	0
This was a gift for my daughter and she loved the phone it is perfect. the phone was in great conditions even tho it was used. i recomend this item to any mom that is looking to spend a limited amount of cash for a phone under MetroPcs.	1
"This was a phone I wanted from the beginning. When I had received the phone I fell in love with it, but after a week and a half of having it all of a sudden it bacame a big problem. I couldn&apos;t view or take pictures. The main screen went blank and static like. I had to open and close it several times before I could see a clear picture. Maybe the phone I purchased was a lemon I&apos;m not sure. But I assure you that I have not dropped or bumped my phone against anything. I wish I could have kept my phone because I did like and enjoy it while it was working, but I wont ever get a phone again that verizon no longer sales again all because of that one experience. I&apos;m not telling anyone not to get it that was just my experience."	0
This was cancelled by the vendor.    Never received the item.  Nothing to review so cannot give a positive experience about the product.  No favorable comments for this vendor.	0
This was one if not the worst experience I have had with online shopping. The phone didn't work battery died in couple hours and it's took around 2 months to get a replacement just a bad experience 	0
"This was the worst purchase of my ebay history. The seller said it was unlocked and it would come with headphones when I emailed them. I brought it to my phone company and they said it wasnt unlocked and it didnt come with headphones. I emailed the seller, they emailed me back a week after and they said they would replace it for $30, i said ok but they emailed me week a week after again. And the phone had a lot of scratches. I dont recommend this seller and their products. "	0
Tiene una lnea rosa en la pantalla. Me gustara  repararlo. 	0
"To start off the phone is sleek and stylish with the only ergonomic unlikable feature being that it has an antenna exposed.  The function of the phone is great and clean compared to my old LG 225.  The text messaging works fairly well with the exception of punctuation and predetermined words popping up even while those functions are turned off.  Again this is a step up from my old phone and if I was shopping for phones, I&apos;m not sure if this is the one I&apos;d go with."	0
Took a little bit to do the review. It was a giy. Phone is great 	1
Totally Awesome Phone - Customer Service Can't be Beat - love this store	1
TRADE MISDESCRIPTION.                                         THOUGHT IT WAS FACTORY UNLOCKED BUT LOCKED TO VERSION.	0
Tutto ok spedizione veloce ed un ringraziamento speciale per i gagdet... Mia figlia ringrazia. Thank you for all. 	1
"Una maravilla tecnolgica .., estoy muy contento y agradecido por la calidad y rapidez  El CAT de otro mundo   Muchas gracias "	1
Unfortunately there is no credibility in the description of books not locked but in fact locked	0
"Up to this point, the cellphone works very good, is in mint condition and i love the white cover, is really fast cellphone, no dead pixels, and the speakers are perfect."	1
"Used it for two weeks. Apparently a knock-off. Bad connection, misspelled words on menu, dropped calls. Never ever never do this."	0
"Vendi como bueno un telfono inservible. No prende, no sirve para nada.  maldit@!!  eBay no protege al comprador como debera. "	0
Very attractive slimline cell phone.  Works very well with AT&amp;T sim card I have.  The color is very smart looking.	1
very basic phone for anyone who doesn&apos;t like smart phones.  My husband only likes these types of phone and only available on line.  They can last up to a year but for this price it doesn&apos;t matter	1
Very durable. Great for clumsy hands.	1
Very fast shipping got my product within 2 days Also product was as described. Thank you  	1
Very good Huawei - Google phone!  The signal is good and the LTE is stable.  Better than my last Samsung Galaxy S5 phone. 	1
"Very good phone the battery life is good, the camera is good for being a 2.0 megapixel , and the best part of it , if u want a loud phone the HTS DASH is the phone for u , is great for textn the keys are so comfortable u don&apos;t get tired of txtn is a great phone for people that like to txt a lot . The only bad thing is that there is no thread messaging on this phone . Thread messaging is a texting feature like instant messaging where u can see the conversation of each . but other than that awesome phone . Speaker is very clear."	1
"Very good quality product, exactly like seller had described. I&apos;m very happy with my purchase! Shipment was prompt and product was carefully packed."	1
Very good smartphone for this price 	1
"Very happy with my galaxy s7 edge, the colors are nice and poppy and has a great camera and great battery life."	1
"VERY horrible buying experience!!!!!! I contacted this seller, TWICE, to inform them that I wanted to cancel my order but they didn&apos;t respond, only to have them ship the order a day later and charged me for it. I filed a fraud claim through Paypal against this seller, and will NEVER conduct business with them again!!!!!!!!"	0
Very nice looking and offers good protection	1
Very nice phone...	1
"Very pleased, got it in a timely manner. I would buy frm him again! I would recomment him to my friends and would buy frm him again. The phone was just like he said it was and he sent me extras that he didn&apos;t list."	1
Very satified thanks	1
"very unhappy with the product, recieved it and it does not work. will not even power up, vwry disapointed."	0
Volume is bad can hardly hear anybody talk	0
"Was advertised as ""new in the box blah blah blah"" and it was not. Tired of untrue, canned advertisements. "	0
"WAS NO UNLOCKED, AND WAS USELESS, HAD TO BUY ANOTHER PHONE, I  WOULD STAY CLEAR OF THIS GUY.IEM WAS NOT AS DISCRIBED."	0
"Was told twice that the phone would work with Sprint. The phone does not and now I'm out 600 dollars. Was told no returns, and sorry. Bad business. "	0
Way better than paying 800$ for a new one! 	1
we eat up our phone  in construction..  these phone take drops and falls. it may not look pretty but like the old add says takes a licking and keeps an ticking	1
We needed a new cell phone to get us by until our plan renewal was due. verizon told us we could buy on an &quot;online bidding site&quot; so we chose ebay.	1
We sell electronic products PayPal payment! yuhky  c   o   m	1
well describe great price well designed listing seller has good ratings will buy from again low starting price everthing that is needed when lookijng to bid on items	1
WELL LET ME TELL YOU THIS MUCH IT STOPPED OPERATING WHEN I MAKE A CALL YOU CAN TRANSMIT BUT NOT RECEIVE SO I AM GOING TO CONTACT MY CARRIER  BUT I DON'T THINK IT IS A RECEPTION SO IF IT IS IT NOT A SOFTWARE BUT INSTEAD A HARDWARE MEANING THE PHONE THEN EXPECT A FULL REFUND...	0
"well, I never received the phone. As in many other reviews ( which I should have read before) the phone did not arrive. I received emails asking me to be more patient several times as delivery delays kept accumulating, but in the end, I decided that it was going to be pointless to wait for more. In all fairness the refund process was fairly easy, but what a waste of time. I won't order from this vendor again."	0
What a great deal from great seller as posted  couldn't be happier with my purchase 	1
What I ordered did not come I fit something completely different than was advertised.DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER. 	0
when i bid on this i was looking for a fliptop phone but this was nice looking and had a camera which i definitely needed for 2 girls that change every day but i won it and i paid it right away because that is good business procedures-right away the seller wrote me saying it would be going out soon and which it did the seller shipped right away and then the mailman brought it to the door and it was so light when i took it out but it was a good description of what the phone was supposed to look like and no scratches or anything wrong with it- it charged right away and i love it the phone is so easy to use and i love taking pictures of the girls with it and it is so light its not one of those big bulky phones and it is a great phone for anyone and comes with everything you would want for it.	1
When I got the item it was just what you said in the add and shipped out on time and received fast   thanks	1
"When I received the package it was empty and had been stamped by the post office &quot;Package Received Empty&quot;.  When I contacted the seller she was unwilling to refund my money.  I contacted Ebay and receieved no help from them either, so I am now out $110.00 and still have no phone!"	0
When I won he txted me and said sorry man can't send it to you which is funny because I live in the state next to him and his reasoning was I did not pay within 2 minutes of the win. Don't buy it's a scammer 	0
"When you looked at the product specs, it seemed to be a match made in heaven. True reality is quite opposite. I purchased this roughly two months ago and it had worked quite well. I am not a smartphone savvy so I don&apos;t mess up with configurations, ROMs or anything in relation to complex SW and HW topics, however I do trust in the system updates that are pushed and installed automatically and this has been my behavior with previous phone purchases. To my surprise and having really not much information about it, my phone updated to Android 4.2.2 with HTC Sense 5.0 automatically. After the installation was done it worked fine for a few days and again asked for software update on the transfer files feature which it did automatically. After this took place, the phone lost the ability to recognize if there is a sim card inside or not and because of this it stopped working a phone and became a paper weight that now sits on my desk. I reached out to the vendor and through a number of communications was not able to get any help at all. As a matter of fact, even after explaining I had little to no knowledge on smartphones, vendor asked ME to flash the rom!! This was the warranty they were offering me on the product... when I asked &quot;how do I do that&quot; they stated they were sales reps and could help me and that I should seek help through online forums on how to get this. Ridiculous... I asked to return the phone to get a refund, and again was denied of that too. The experience with phone and the seller has been the worst I have had through my purchases with Ebay. I don&apos;t recommend this product and be very careful on who you buy it from as warranty seems to serve the seller&apos;s needs and not the customer&apos;s."	0
"While this phone has many nice features, it is set up to only allow 25 entries in the calendar!!  My old phone whould take 500!! and I used over 300 so this Motorola phone was unacceptable.  The only way I found out about the 25 entry limit was to buy the phone, try it and then call tech support to find out that there is no way to change the limit.  I got the phone because my old LG would go into the browser when trying to unlock the keyboard which used my minutes and was quite frustrating.  The Motorola was easy to lock and unlock."	0
Wife really likes this phone.  Sliding dialer pad seperate from the qwerty pad make dialing a breeze for her!  Functionality is great.  Ease of use is perfect for her!  Great phone!!!	1
Wir haben dieses Handy vor zwei Monaten gekauft und bis jetzt noch nix erhalten. Wir haben sehr oft Kontakt gesucht zu dem Verkufer aber ohne Erfolg.	0
"Without a doubt a great salesman, delivers what is described and does not lie in the descriptions, I have had good communication and has been very helpful in answering all my questions"	1
WONT HOLD CHARGE	0
Worked perfect at first. Now I see myself having to take the battery out the phone 5 or 6 times a day due to freezing. A friend of mine has the same company but different phone and her phone did the same thing. Its an ok phone.	0
"Works flawlessly,  not a single scratch or imperfection on it, great battery life. It was described as new mint condition...if I didn't know it was used I would have thought it was brand new. Arrived within 3 or 4 days. This seller gave an honest description of the product, shipped quickly etc. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED SELLER. I did not receive a discount or free item for my review, just appreciate when a seller is honest and timely."	1
"Works great, Ive never had a problem with this iPhone "	1
"Works perfectly and almost like new, thank you"	1
Worst experience ever when dealing with USPS but finally received the item. 5***** 	1
Worth the dollar. Good stuff	1
"WOULDN&apos;T KNOW HOW THE PRODUCT IS, I NEVER RECIEVED IT, THE SELLER NEVER SENT THE PRODUCT.I WOULD BE HAPPY TO REVIEW PRODUCT WHEN AND IF I EVER RECIEVE IT."	0
wrongfully stated phone was discribed wrong from seller didnt work as they said.............................................................................................	0
"YES, I WOULD LIKE I RECOMMEND THIS AWESOME PRODUCT A FRIEND BEST PRODUCT NICE CELL I LIKE BECAUSE IS BIG THE SCREEN"	1
you can receive txt but can&apos;t send txting no speaker availability...  i recommend to use this phone ONLY to replace a broken phone for a short period of time!!	0
"You just can not beat this phone at 150$.It smokes many phones costing 3 times as much. Sturdy aluminium casing,fast and pack with features +16mp camera. You can't go wrong."	1
you write this phone is newbut you send an used you are a cheateri send  the message to you but you never reply i want not to care about iti think you will gain retribution	0
