review	tagging
#NAME?	0
#NAME?	1
"ZTE Axon Elite 5.5"" Octa Core 4G LTE Android 5.0 HD Smartphone it's a great device i'm very happy with it  10 star"	1
"ZERO STARS, NEVER GOT PHONE  WOULD NOT RETURN MSGS. A TOTAL SCAM!!! DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER, HE&apos;LL TAKE YOUR MONEY AND LAUGH ALL THE WAY TO THE BANK!"	0
Zero score for this piece of junk not as described. Seller not to be trusted for any product.	0
Your the best bud keep up the grate work	1
"Your message to eBay Customer Support:  &quot;The seller has agreed to return the money back, but never did. The seller confirmed he posted the cell but i never received it. It seems the seller never had a cell phone to sell to begin with. The title post says the cell is iPhone 4s Black color.. &quot;Apple iPhone 4s - 16GB - BLACK &quot; but the Key Features says the cell is white &quot;Color White&quot;."	0
Your customer service is excellent and Shipping is super fast. Though am yet to start using the phone but your sales team is very excellent. 	1
Your advertisement says for Virgin Mobile and I recieved a sprint phone. Prepaid companies like Virgin Mobile CANNOT activate unlocked phones from other companies either so you really need to start getting honest with people. I want a FULL refund!!!! 	0
"You wrote a description on the phone , which is not just to deceive people to buy them. "	0
You sold me a stolen phone . 	0
You sold me a locked phone. I cant switch my number to it. You have 2 call metro and tell them you want the imei and phone number cancelled because you sold the phone so i can use it..	0
You should not tell people that they have a 30 day return if you don't enforce your policy!!!!!! 	0
You should know better than me that the cell battery was not GOOD. You did not specify so in you add when selling the item. I don't think I will bay from you again neither recommend some one else 	0
"you should buy it caught my attention for its style and elegance, plus I liked the applications, but it all started very badly since I lit that served no TV, and in ten minutes the screen stopped working and I could see but not recommend it because it was a bad experience and its price is not low enough to not serve even a day"	0
"You ship from the US, but you don't ship to the US.  Then towards the end of your spiel, you CAN ship to the US."	0
You see it it should have came with headphones and a touch pen. My son lovesit you should sell more for that price. I want one for all of us.	1
"YOU SAY AS DELIVERY IN APRIL 27 'HOW CAN NOW THE STUFF FOR SAY IS GOOD OR NOT AND YOUR WEB SITE HAVE IN MY ORDERS VERY, VERY MISTAKES."	1
"You need to send the battery cover for the cell phone to make it usable. Let me know when I will receive this item, as I am planning on using the phone on my up coming vacation."	0
you lie tome.you tellme phones has good screen but phones screen has spots and ights	0
"You know what really boggles my mind? How most people, when they buy a phone today, don&apos;t actually want a phone. They want a portable device that mimics the internet capabilities of a computer, but at the same time they&apos;re willing to sacrifice individuality and overall &apos;uniqueness in design&apos; of their mobile device just so that they can conveniently access their facebook and twitter accounts.    I bought this phone because I don&apos;t have a facebook, and could care less about what happens on twitter. I bought this phone with MYSELF in mind. I chose something that matches my individuality, my personality, and my obsession over proper design.    Alot of people nowadays have difficulty accepting a cell phone that isn&apos;t a touchscreen.  They have problems pressing real buttons that make a real click sound, and just like their diets, they want the feeling of that button to be artificial.    The Sony Ericsson T700 has no artificial ingredients, no preservatives and no added sweetner. It&apos;s a phone, and it makes phone calls. This is what nature intended. And it makes these phone calls (as well as sending text messages) surprisingly well.    Calls are nearly always crisp, the speakerphone loud, and the external speaker has remarkable audio quality.    The phone&apos;s overall construction is great too. The buttons click with a solid, quality feel to them, and the rear 2/3rds of the battery cover is made with real polished stainless steel.    The display is also vibrant and colors are vivid. 262k colors are more than enough to show pictures and even short video recordings to friends (audio quality in this department is great too).    And, in signature Sony Ericsson style, the T700 features a flash light. And it&apos;s wonderfully bright, both for lighting a walkway in front of you and blinding any potential enemies that may cross your way. The SOS (morse code function) of the flash light is good to have, and a brilliant idea to boot.    Next to the flashlight is a 3.2Mp camera. It&apos;s great, it&apos;s clear and it does the job incredibly well.    Unlike new phones where corporations want to tell you what to do with your life (but they prentend you&apos;re in control of everything), the T700 comes with a USB data cable that hooks up to your PC. Just plug it in and you can access your phone&apos;s file system in a snap. And if you&apos;re lucky enough like me to have bluetooth built into your computer, just switch BT on both devices, pair them, and voila: wireless data transfer.    Here&apos;s something else that&apos;s pretty cool, and will probably get you a hot date:    If you have a laptop (any PC really) with bluetooth, and both devices are paired, you can use the phone as a mouse and control your computer. You can also scroll through websites looking like some hot shot. Try doing that with a &quot;smart phone&quot;.    Gripes? Sure:    -If you&apos;re a big macho man like me, you might find the keys a little too close together resulting in misjudged key pressing.    -No autofocus! My previous T650 had it, and I&apos;m sad to see this feature gone.    -Charge/Data port is still the original 5 year old design. Can cause unreliable charging if too much dust accumulates on contacts. Keep a thumb tack next to your charger at night.    Other than that, I&apos;ve got no other regrets. Looks better in person than online. Very unique looking when you&apos;re out in public (especially at school) and you see everyone using either dingusberries or idrones.    All in all, you just can&apos;t go wrong with a number-padded Sony Ericsson."	1
"You just can not beat this phone at 150$.It smokes many phones costing 3 times as much. Sturdy aluminium casing,fast and pack with features +16mp camera. You can't go wrong."	1
You had better not buy from these people. They will rip you off. They ripped me off for a 26 dollar phone. They will also lie about there products.	0
"You get what you pay for. It took me 8 hours at the sprint store to get this phone activated. I had to go to a store across town because the sim card is not very common. It works now, but the center of the touchscreen is not sensitive at all and google play crashes half the time I try to open it up. Would not buy again."	0
"You get what you pay for.  I downgraded from Samsung to a cheaper BLU phone only because I was nto sure that I was going to stay with my phone service much longer and if I switch in the not-too-distant future, then I did not want to lay out a large sum of money for a useless phone.  This phone is does the job well enough to fill the gap.  I needed to replace a broken Samsung phone and Fry's Electronics sells BLU phones, so I talked with the salesman, handled one in the store, and felt reasonably safe in purchasing it.  There are a few pros, but more cons, which is why I really do not care for this phone and will replace it as soon is I've gotten my use out of it. Pros:  This model has a bright screen, a fast CPU, and does not lag in videos, unless your carrier is weak.  It is well built, light weight, and the 8MP camera is outstanding for both video and pics.  The ringtones included are voluminous and the ability to change setup and personalizing it works well.  the speaker and mic works well, maybe better than the phone I replaced, but it was a few years old.  Anyway, people have no problem hearing and understanding me and vice versa.     Cons:  The program interface is bad.  For example, you can't directly go to other phone functions from another page.  Instead, you have to swi"	0
"You get what you pay for, belt clip broke within a week, your phone slides in from one end making it impossible to get it in and out of the case while seated."	0
You get an awesome product for a good price. I am recommending others to this product.	1
you do not have a stable price because before you had this phone at 87.99 and now it is 100 dollars that you spend	0
You didn't send me what I asked for.  I requested a s7  you sent me s5. 1 paid for the s7. The 5 is to small	0
"you could hardly do anything on this phone but snake, etc, and it was awhile back, you could text, but it was not really made for a texting qwerty phone, it didnt have that, kind of a low level phone, she just really needed something simple.    so if your kid is asking you for a phone, you can probably find something like this, because it is a tough phone and can be tossed around, believe me, my cousin and i tried this when she was done with it and got the lg 3400.    it fared well until we did pool diving it went off so we started hitting it more and more and killed the screen and finished the phone, then of course recycled it."	0
"You can't use data while on call. Reception horrible even in middle of 4g area. Tried new SIM...didn't help. Goes from full 4g signal to one bar of 1x when a call connects. Older Android with same SIM card has better reception and functionality...When I contacted seller to let them know, after trouble shooting for weeks with carrier, seller was defensive and unhelpful. Sad to have such technology and it be as worthless as a tin can and string..."	0
"You can't trust this seller. The seller is in China but the shipping in New Jersey. Email only in middle of night & no customer  phone #. I was 1st sent a broken phone then 2nd phone sent wasn't unlocked & wrong color. I didn't find out my carrier couldn't unlock it until I bought new sim card & then I didn't have phone. Then it cost more $ to send it back,no free shipping. I ended up buying new phone from local store which I could of done weeks ago. So don't trust the ad even tho it has 5 star rating."	0
You can't hear very good when talking on it. I jave set every setting possible.	0
"You can't find a price this cheap for this type of phone. I paid less than $60 for it, unlock code, cost ¢99 end of story. High quality phone that would have cost me way over $ 200 or More!!! It was worth every penny. "	1
You can't do much with the phone. The phone works finen but be aware that the charger is not included.	0
You can tell that this item has a crack at the bottom corner and it is false advertisement to say that it is an open box when obviously this item has been used.	0
You can receive and send texts but the calling quality is extremely poor caller cannot hear you. Not happy with the product. 	0
You can not activate cell phones that are older like the 60i as they do not the 911 chip in them. I bought several in a row and lost money on it as e-bay did not care that the phones are obsolete and that the sellers sold phones that said they would work and cant be used.  E-BAY WILL NOT HELP YOU GET YOUR MONEY BACK. BE VERY CAREFUL!	0
you can no longer get the sms cards for these phones they where a waist of my money. I have tried to perches them on line and in a sprint store I was just sol.	0
You can get the same phone for 18.99$ Seriously man why would you do that!?	0
You can get the same one at Walmart brand new for $200... You will never sell unless you go down on price	0
You can get it for 458$.	0
"You buy a $50 dollar phone, with a $15 dollar Ganess subscription that you need to renew every 90 days. After ban, Bot is worthless.*(cant reuse it)  Good profit for them, bad for your wallet, and your fellow agents!  "	0
You are not allowed to fly with this phone in your possession. It could burst into flames. It has been discontinued & recalled. Instead of possibly injuring someone to make a few dollars you should just get your refund & pick another phone. SHAME ON YOU!	0
you are a swindler my money never returned	0
You are a big diff	0
yes.is very good. proposed will certainly.mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm	1
"yes..............................................................................................................................  .........................  ..................................,,,,  ...........................    .................................................................................................................  .................................  llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll  lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll"	1
"Yes, this phone is great and it works very well... I would defiantly buy from this seller again.&quot;....................&quot;.........................................................................................................................................................."	1
"Yes, then you are not serious and ibey too return May Dengi"	0
"Yes, I recently purchased a Samsung A920 on ebay.  Several years ago I had had one, but it had gotten wet and never recovered.  I saw one for sale on ebay and the way the seller described it, made it sound as a like new phone.  So I bought it.  As it happens, when I received it in the mail, it was extremely used.  It was not in the shape it was sold to be. The seller said they were the original owner and it hand been gently used and it had never been dropped.  Let me tell you, that phone had been used hard and dropped and should have been thrown away, not sold on ebay.  My luck this year on ebay has not been good.  But....outside of the bad experience.....the Samsung A920 is one of the best phones I&apos;ve ever had.  Just wish I could get another one."	1
"Yes!, this is the phone that I've been looking for. Even though it is an oldie it is (still) a goodie!, and the last time I used this model was in '03 and have been looking for another every since but had never found one in good working order.  Thank you so very much!..."	1
"Yes this phone is from 1999, but it can actually still be activated on Pageplus. Basically anywhere VZW works, this thing will.   The battery last for days, even from the 1999 stock.   It's super thin compared to most device from this erra, and fits well in your pocket. Sound quality is also Excellent. They don't make things the way they used to!"	1
yes this is a great deal and once the phone came i called att and got unlock code same day via email	1
"Yes the phone works and yes the phone came with the charging cord, but what good is it if I can&apos;t get it activated? The phone I bought has a pending bill against it and was still active under another persons account. I paid $52 for something I can&apos;t use and I want a refund. Oh, and also, the phone did not appear as described &quot;barely used.&quot; It looked like it had been dropped a few times and had scratches on the screen."	0
"Yes the phone works and yes the phone came with the charging cord, but what good is it if I can&apos;t get it activated? The phone I bought has a pending bill against it and was still active under another persons account. I paid $52 for something I can&apos;t use and I want a refund. Oh, and also, the phone did not appear as described &quot;barely used.&quot; It looked like it had been dropped a few times and had scratches on the screen."	0
Yes it's unlocked but it's not 4g capable	0
yes i worry Chinese Fone !  because in ebay can not control.	0
Yes I love my s7 edge I've had all the Samsung phones since they came out 	1
"Yep, it's worth $30, that's it.  I can do text, I can make a call and take photos, plus if I break it or drop it, who cares, BUT it is sort of pointless if the phone is so poorly manufactured that you cannot answer it. The circle graphic to ""press to answer""  (who the hell thought that up?) simply does not respond to touch.  All other touch features work, but not that one.  Nice.  I have to just let it ring and wait for the phone to register the call and touch ""call back"" -   which actually is not a bad idea - if the call is important they leave a message, plus I don't fumble for the phone when it is ringing, I just wait - which is actually safer and less aggravating, so hmm, this negative is almost a positive..."	0
"Yeah, it's a nice phone, but unfortunately illegal to sell and ship in the USA."	0
Y'all sold me a phone that was for parts only and it doesn't say it anywhere on the description! And I'm very pissed off about it.	0
Yall Lied It Dosent Work Widd Metro	0
Ya mande varios mensajes para regresarlo y no hay rwspuesta	0
Ya lo pague y el producto no a sido enviado Quiero saber que pasa.	0
xxxxxq`pscijqdoifhboizhgboiùzrhgbùoizrhgboùizrhgoùizrhjgoiarzehjgoiùaejhrgioaejhrgoiajhergioajhregoihjaergoijhaeriogjhaeriogjhaeiorgjaeioprgjhaeiporgjapioergjpioaerjgpioaerjghapioerjgpioaerjg pi$oaerjgpiaoerjgpiaoerjgpioaerjgpioaejrgpioaerjgpioaejrgpioaejrgipoaejrhgopiaejhrgoiaehjrgoiaehrjgoiuaehyvçèaetyggç!è)^&amp;&quot;&apos;(yà!ahroiqhfoîughae^ç!gyaeoirghoiâeryg^à!ayghoùianergoihaeroîghaôerghjaoierghoaierhgoiâerhugoâierhgoiâerhgoîaerhgoîaehrgoiùaerhgoiaehrgôhaeroighaeoirghôaerhgoiaerhgoîaerygà!^$a	1
Xperia Play is the only gaming-phone. You can play with physical buttons. Battery life playing is 3-4hrs. It feels weird in your hand when you try to use it with one hand and touch screen	1
Xiaomi Phone is Counterfeit!!! DON&quot;T ORDER FROM THIS SELLER!!!  Phone came in working condition from China but it is not Xiaomi Mi3 - 16GB - Orange (Unlocked) that I ordered - it is a cheap counterfeit.	0
"xExcellent product at a great cost, thank you very much.  Looking forward to doing more visit with you."	1
wrongfully stated phone was discribed wrong from seller didnt work as they said.............................................................................................	0
"Wrong! I bought this phone at a steal of a price, but with the low price always comes it's doubts. But this device is flawless. It was delivered to me within 2 days, little to none cosmetic wear, and they even threw in a USB otg adapter! Thank you for my pixel XL I love it so much! Would recommend this seller to anybody"	1
Wrong sim card tray but good phone	1
Wrong product! Did not work as promised. Do not buy fom this guy or ebay! Go to Amazon. Take my word! Ebay is letting and allowing charlatans to sell! F....k Ebay and this seller! BOYCOTT EBAY! GO AMAZON!	0
Wrong phone spent a whole day otta my life with at&t trying g to make it work. Said it was a new phone ended up in chineese with Chinese  contacts refuse to believe us fighting return thank god bought it with pay pal so we ll see august 2 what pay pal does	0
Wrong phone i have the lg l90 	0
Wrong description and fake pictures. Sent the phone with scratches. Don't trust	0
Write your review for the Motorola MOTO G - 8GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone  Write your review for the Motorola MOTO G - 8GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone	1
"Wow, already arrived you are fantastic, thank you. I havent activated it but daughter said it just arrived, she is so excited!  I am sure she will have it waiting for me as soon as I walk through the door. Will buy from you again! "	1
"Wow,  shipping was fast phone is in great condition. Will definitely purchase again from this buyer."	1
Wow!!! Thank you. I am so happy with this phone. You're awesome. Thanks for the speedy shipping	1
Wow! very impressed with the phone. This seller described the condition of the phone as used with scratches on the case and screen. When we received the phone it was in much better condition than expected. Thanks so much for your honesty.	1
"Wow! This was the first camera phone I got! The beauty of this is the camera, you plug in the bottom! Such a good phone, my partner got the same phone! The camera came with a little case, and easily plugs in. The photos it takes are two types, small and large."	1
"Wouldn't work, returned to seller. Never got a replacement or refund."	0
would not work in my zip code area	0
would not work in my cell phone area  so returned for a refund	0
Would not turn on. Do not trust this company	1
Would not recommend doing business with! Refuse to answer questions as stated in advertisement.	0
Would not hold a charge  two days after receiving  it	0
"Would not get a signal , sold phone."	0
would have bought the phone but ebay has a cancelled card on file and couldn&apos;t use another card  could not accunt no. i coneacted customer service and recieved an email reguesting new card infor which i emailed the infor then i got an email complaining i did not  pay for  item i was going to be put some kind of list. this pissed me off and then i cancelled. i was buying this for a mentally challenged person who needed the phone to contact his staff while in the comminity for safety reasons. after this experience i will not consider buying anythig fro ebay.   veery dissapointed consumer	0
Would have been fine but with no wifi calling the phone is useless to us.  Huge disappointment.  Otherwise phone is fine but battery was replaced and so not in original condition and protective screen put on as well.  Like the size and clarity and utility of the phone but will have to go with J6 due to wifi.  Thank you.	0
Would buy again.	1
"Would be a good buy if you only need a phone that does not work for much of anything else. I wish that I had stumbled across anything that had informed me that there is no longer any thing below windows 10  that is still supported as a smartphone. I spent some time reading reviews and information about this phone before deciding to purchase it, everything I found made it sound great. Once the device arrived it was almost perfect in condition as if it had never been used. After getting it set up and active, I found quickly that it was not going to work for much of anything that I was needing it to work with. I spent about a week trying to find any solutions for the issues while missing a whole lot of important things, before I gave up on it and purchased another new phone that is not windows and works for the purposes I need a smartphone for in the first place."	0
Would absolutely buy from again	1
"Worth the price. Amazing quality, picture is crystal clear. Long battery life and great resale value."	1
Worth the dollar. Good stuff	1
"Worst smartphone I ever had . What a disappointment . I had a Moto Pure before which was great but was getting old , it was made before Lenovo bought out Motorola . My Z3 was made after that and quality sucks . You can see where they cut corners . First of all connection is absolutely horrible .Everybody with the same provider around the table have 4 bars , I have no connection . Settings don't work like they supposed to or chànge on their own  , preloaded apps freeze and jam or plain don't open . I'm getting a Samsung this time and sending this to Motorola - they can have it . What an overpriced , useless piece of junk . Great job Lenovo !!!"	0
Worst service ever!	0
"Worst seller ever, as the theft, he is pretends to rip you off selling you used stuff as new,  cheap charger and no accessories, asus phones are good but this kind of sellers make buyers go away and I know I'm not the first one people don't trust in those crappy reviews better go to a real store before it happens to you to, I'm never gonna buy anything from ebay ever again also my feedback was removed by eBay thays why im writing it here"	0
Worst quality about this device is the audio! Don't even waste your time if sound is important. Front speakers are full of high end noise and distortion. Software still buggy and lte doesn't work well AT&T. But rapid charging is the best option since you can't go a day with a full charge.	0
"Worst product, no response from the seller"	0
Worst product I ever bought. Stop working within 2 months of purchase. It shows it is unused but seller is rolling customers I guess. Worst experience ever.	0
"Worst phone I have ever had!  The alarm clock has never worked. When its time to alarm it locks the phone on black screen, no sound, I have to remove the battery to reboot the phone. There is no touch screen calibration so what you have is what you get, and mine is off big time! Most the internet features don&apos;t work right and they continue to rack up your internet usage after you &quot;close&quot; them, the only way to actually close them out is to reboot the phone.  You are better off using a home phone than this stupid device."	0
"Worst phone ever. Sometimes it doesn&apos;t even register a call until the voicemail comes through and other times if even a single button is accidentally pushed, I&apos;m stuck watching my phone ring when a call comes in because it wont show me who is calling, wont let me answer, and wont let me make it stop ringing."	0
"Worst phone ever. Reception is horrible anywhere. My wife's phone can be within feet. She can call, this phone has no signal.  Bluetooth music doesn't work right either. "	0
Worst phone ever. It doesnt even work. The screen doesnt respond to my touches. It constantly freezes up. I will never buy from this seller ever again. They wouldnt even give me a refund because they claimed they couldnt take the phone back because they couldnt do anything with it. 20% of my money was there offer. I hate it. Never again	0
Worst phone ever worked 1 week and now nothing  	0
Worst phone ever	0
worst phone  i very disapointed	0
"Worst experience from this seller...they mentioned it is a fair condition smart phone but i got in worst condition,,,Can't switch on...It's not at all working...It's an open loot and ebay must take it seriously...I will never recommend ebay...If possible, I would give negative stars"	0
Worst EBay experience ever. I havent received the phone or the refund. The seller said they refunded however NO REFUND to my credit card as of yet. 	0
"worst ebay experience ever, sent bogus tracking number, never received item, no response to mutiple messages & emails, lowlife, scumbag, seller took the money and run"	0
"Worst cell phone I have ever owned. Extremely user unfriendly. Too many steps to do anything. Signal strength is horrible, sometimes nonexistent. Short battery life, short charge cord. If I have anything good to say about it, when I can make/receive a call it is clear.  After purchasing, found it cheaper on Amazon, with a $4. SD card.  Will definitely be looking to upgrade."	0
Worst battery I ever had	0
Worst 73 dollar I have ever  spent phones Came network locked and when u bought a code for them I couldn't register cause they were reported stolen they also had child porn on them yuck sick sick people 	0
Worst  buy in all my buying experience seller is a fraud. Tells lie about the products to get them sold. Phone wasnt unlocked not new and WiFi doesnt work seller hasnt provided and refund either. Stay away from seller	0
Worse phone I ever owned	0
worse device ever made by Samsung . Dont waste your money on this device.	0
World phone/ Fast/can change battery.	1
Works with TracPhone and Verizon....Best Price and outstanding coverage....	1
Works well and a good value	1
"Works very well.  It's quick, clear and takes great pictures."	1
Works very well and have had no issues at all.  Very happy with the phone!	1
Works very nice 	1
Works so much better than my s6.	1
"works perfectly, highly recommended new product quality,all he needed,   I can use all applications work great with t-mobile  good product not that great"	1
"Works perfectly, as good as the more expensive models.  Great camera and long lasting battery. Although I wish the battery was replaceable. It is very stylish and comes in a couple colors. I have had no problem setting up the two I purchased."	1
"Works perfectly and almost like new, thank you"	1
works perfect and processes fast! great camera and features. price was awesome and we received it quickly 	1
"Works on LTE, 1Gb Ram, wich is enough for me. Dual SIM. Great screen: bright and clear. Recomended!!"	1
works like new. a great buy for the price. i will definetly purchase from this seller again if i need anything in the future.	1
"Works just like a brand new one. I love it! No problems, everything just exactly as described."	1
Works just fine and no issues.  This replaced and another virgin mobile phone I had.  Transferring service to new phone was smooth.	1
works great...had a small bit of trouble activating it but it was on sprints end not the phones end...i love it...thanks so much for the great deal on a phone to hold me over till i can upgrade :)	1
Works great. Connects to my car handsfree system. Just what i wanted.	1
Works great. Awesome. Great price. As described. Will definitely buy from them again soon.	1
"Works great, no issues...works and looks great."	1
"works great, no bloatware"	1
"Works great, looks great"	1
"works great, like new!"	1
"Works great, Ive never had a problem with this iPhone "	1
"works great, fast shipment"	1
"Works great Minor scratches on screen, hardly noticeable  Love it!! "	1
Works great I'm enjoying my new phone.	1
Works great for the money!	1
Works great for my husband.  He carries it all the time.  It functions for what he needs.	1
Works great fast shipping	1
Works great as described and no cosmetic marks just like the pictures.	1
Works great and looks brand new. Very happy with this purchase for my wife. She loves it.	1
Works great and its cheap 	1
Works great and I love this phone...it's just the right size and I haven't had any problems with it....	1
Works great  way better then I thought it would be   Great phone great price  Fast shipping 	1
works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine v v works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine v works fine v v  works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine	1
Works as well as a new unit at one forth the price	1
Works as should and is in better than expected condition.I would buy from this seller with great confidence always	1
Works as it should No problem thanks	1
Works as expected.	1
Works as described.  Would purchase from again. 	1
Works as described.  Bought to use as a wireless camera for my shop to use with dropbox.  And this is more typing to fill in the 100 characters it keeps asking for.	1
Works and looks like he said.	1
Working well so far! Thanks!!	1
"Working on a farm I need a strong, heavy duty phone. This one fits the bill."	1
"Working just like what it said, it l0ok brand new, everything is Good came early then date. I'm happy "	1
Worked perfect at first. Now I see myself having to take the battery out the phone 5 or 6 times a day due to freezing. A friend of mine has the same company but different phone and her phone did the same thing. Its an ok phone.	0
worked out great. had a few dents and cracks but still works great! I love my iPod 	1
Worked for a little while but then started to act up. Sent back and got my money	0
work with every penny	1
"Work perfect, I buy for the price and look beautiful...................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................."	1
Work perfect thank you	1
"work perfect , thank you ! "	1
Work great with T-Mobile SIM card without any problem. Highly recommended...	1
Work better than expected.  Great reception very good price fast shipping. 	1
"Work as expect, straight forward to install my 3rd party Sim Card and configure using it without any issue.  My wife loves the XR and all the new features that it has. "	1
Work  perfectly thanks  	1
won't work after the end of this year	0
wont stay charged like the phone was miss lead that it was no contract phone when i recieved it i found out it was contract only it wont stay charged would like to trade it for a no contract cingulat phone if seller has one so i can put a cingular pay as u go sim card in	0
Won't connect to network.  	0
Wonderfull job of Samsung. Very glad to meet this little artwork. The only thing it fails is the absence of wifi. I have an upgrade to Win 6.5. Mail me if you want it. Cheers!	1
Wonderful service issue was taken care of promptly  	1
"Wonderful seller described phone accurately, fair price and delivered quickly."	1
Wonderful product functions and looks as described.	1
wonderful product 	1
Wonderful phone. Awesome camera for 3 megapixel. I absolutely love this phone.I have already used sony before and i must say its very good and easy in operation.	1
"Won&apos;t stay charged, features don&apos;t work and neither does the camera on the phone.  I own a Razr V3xx that I bought New several years ago and it still works.  I thought this was the same.  Its not.  Highly dissappointed."	0
"Won&apos;t ever buy this phone...Bought two for my husband and myself...No manual..nothing with it....even instruction manual sucked. Picture taking is horrible...Can get on the web for a couple of minutes, then the battery dies. We knew it wasn&apos;t an I phone...but I expected at least a working product. Used the phone for 2 days and went back to my old phone that at least holds a charge and takes good pictures. The volume on this phone is horrible. It did have some great apps to it, if it only would stay charged long enough to use it. I travel almost 40 miles one way each day to work and if it&apos;s not holding a charge, it doing me no good."	0
Won this auction and it is not a Galaxy S7 it's a lower model phone. I was in a jam so I couldn't send it back . Beware to check the pics and details out.  	0
"Won the auction, the seller canceled the order due to a low bid.  I honestly won it at auction for $ 20.5. after the auction ends, the seller cancels. just fooled. he is a crook. You are an insolent and deceitful person. I won the auction, but you canceled the order because of the low bid."	0
"Within the first week of purchasing the phone the battery would go from 100% to 0% within an hour.  Keep in mind during this time frame I never once used the phone for any purpose, it was idle the entire time."	0
"With windows 6 and so many cool features such as wifi, bluetooth, and gps! The HTC Touch Diamond for Sprint offers better performance and supports Sprint&apos;s EV-DO Rev. A network and multimedia services. The Windows Mobile 6.1 smartphone also features the cool TouchFlo interface. It&apos;s best suited for first-time smartphone buyers or light users."	1
With the same specifications as the HTC Hero G3 which sells for 500$ and more. the HTC Magic from Rogers (3G GSM) feels a little lighter in the hand but dont be fooled because it&apos;s power is just the same as some very expensive handsets on the market.    enjoy this fine piece of machinery until current handsets such as the droid from motorola or the nexus one go down in price. you will not regret it.	1
"With the price drop off this phone it's definitely one of the best options out there and can complete with a lot of flagship devices. Stock Android with frequent updates, solid cameras, 128gb onboard storage, quick and snappy. Not too big or small. Solid build quality. Good screen quality. Overall a solid device for around the same price you would pay for a budget phone. I got mine for $260. In comparison, the Huawei Mate SE good for $250. The phone got a bad rep when it came out due to the initial price and early issues work software. After several upgrade this is a solid device for a solid deal!"	1
"With the imminent demise of Sprint/Nextel&apos;s iDEN network, this phone and it&apos;s brethren are doomed to a life of weighing down papers and propping doors open. Unfortunately, the short-sighted design team optimized this phone for mobility and not multi-functionality, as it is not hefty enough to be used efficiently in either of those two applications. It has also proved ineffective in self-defense applications, but I am inclined to leave it at that."	0
"With the greatest respect I can say that this product I am very satisfied compared with parameters i8320 advertised that I thought was an ideal choice for what I pretend in relation to the price of this product, I am only attracted more A-GPS function which actually does not work at all without join the Vodafone 360 although in fact the telephone operator to dispose in the SIM card is where Vodafone Albania Vodafone Albania employees themselves shall not know how to activate this service A-GPS .. Next, 3G function is not useful because rather than be quick internet as advertised, on the contrary is much slower than that of faktova EDGE service with change of SIM card of Eagle Albania was not yet available 3G system, with spent battery promptly within a few hours .. Even camera photo of this product is not as I expected, which makes this camera the pictures are of poor quality to be classified as 5MP, even a simple phone with a 1.3MP camera makes pictures much cleaner and qualitative than the 5MP camera photo that allegedly i8320 .. sincerely apologize that i write in this way somewhat unpleasant, but i am totally disappointed by this product, and as soon i am planning to buy a different smartphon ..  am a simple worker and my salary is about $ 150 per month, and do not profess to have the luxury to buy expensive things, but I try to save something more fun somewhat difficult for them selves in these possibilities that I have .. At least I want to buy a product with such parameters be as advertised and as far as cost, then yes I could buy, but I could not not buy it up then out of my pocket ..With respect to your understanding and sincere I salute you .. s.coku2012"	0
"With the android system gave more value, excellent idea"	1
"Wish I had read the Amazon reviews before I purchased this phone.  Bought it almost 2 months ago.  Worked fine up until a few days ago.  Now it has started turning itself off as many have reported on Amazon.  I missed the msg re the death or a friend&apos;s mother yesterday b/c the phone turned itself off.  All of a sudden it is doing this constantly.  I played with it last night and the msgs showed up.  The msgs weren&apos;t even on the phone when I first turned it back on until I majorly played with it.  I went online and asked questions.  This seems to be a major problem with this phone and looks like if I can&apos;t figure it out I will be searching for another phone.  Certainly would not recommend it.  Glad I didn&apos;t pay too much for it.  I did read the ebay reviews and everything looked great re the phone.  Not so in my case, altho it did take 2 months for this to happen!"	0
Wish all eBay Sellers were like him ! 	1
"Wireless Canada gave me the wrong phone cords, they do not fit into phone. Cannot charge them. Not happy!"	0
Will that it doesn't work and they should not be sale things that not working on eBay I don't think it's fair to do that 	0
Will not return full refund	0
will not easily connect to att text will work but not sending of photos  seller offered a att similar web sight but it did not have same values since this not a att sold phone	0
Will not activate 	0
Will never. do anymore business with this seller..its been ten days and still have not  received the iPhone 6plus that I purchased...still getting the run around about tracking information just feel like this were a bogus deal......	0
Will never buy from again.	0
Will it still have a password on it if i buy it...	1
Will do business again 	1
Will do business again	1
Will buy from this seller again	1
will be buying again from this seller 	1
Wifi and bluetooth last about  2 hours then shut off and stops working very disappointed  with this phone and the accelerometer  is broken also	0
Wife really likes this phone.  Sliding dialer pad seperate from the qwerty pad make dialing a breeze for her!  Functionality is great.  Ease of use is perfect for her!  Great phone!!!	1
wife just loves it.	1
Why you didnt post that battery wont be included	0
"why would i go look at a phone and see it for $203 dollars then you try to scam people into a warrenty for 44 dollars . if you dont get that   , they reject  you "	0
"Why pay for this small screen Blackberry, when I can get a free Obama phone? In other words, they look identical. Worst of all though, Blackberry Z10 has no home screen. Blackberry could sell this little phone in Mississippi as a CB for truckers.   "	0
why I see a picture of S9 but information about phone is different.. and seller never has respond on my question..(bad communication with customers)	0
Why doesn't this device have any iCloud??	0
Why does it say 64gb at the top but when you read the description it says 16gb?? 	0
Why buy insurance?  You can not get this great phone anymore. What a shame. They do not make them like they use to.  They just do not make them. I got this phone as a backup in case the one I have got lost ... cause it will not  break. What I have saved on not buying insurance these past 3 years have paid for this backup phone x10 over. Does  everything I need a phone to  do then some. Why by milk (extra battery) when you can get the whole cow for the same price. I see people where I work have issue after issue get new phone after new phone.  They can not believe I have the same phone after over 3 years. Got it free with 2 year agreement.  You can not go wrong with this one. Get 2 or more they do not make them any more.	1
Why ask 2-3 times what the retail of the iphone is... really	0
WHO WOULD  REDUCE THIS POOR IPHONE TO A MEAR PEASANT BY FLASHING WINDOWS MOBILE O.S. ON THIS ITS UNCIVILIZED AND A TOTAL DISGRACE TO ALL OF HUMANITY AND TO ALL OTHER IPHONES.....	0
Who sells items that aren't in stock?  And it took 2 business days to figure that out? I have to assume it's the same kind of seller that would forget to ship purchases.  At least I did get a refund with the sorry we're an unorganized mess message!	0
Who do you think is gonna pay that much?? 	0
"While the seller was wonderful, the phone is awful.    I bought it because the features it had.    It locks up &amp; needs to be re-booted often, the screen is poorly responsive, reception is spotty at best (I live near the dang tower)    The camera drains the battery nearly instantly, and the phone HEATS up while the camera is on. (could be use as a pocket warmer)    Applications wont fully close &amp; need to be closed via the task manager or the battery drains within a couple hours    The seller sent me a new phone and it is the same as the first, terrible.    I would rather use the old Motorola flip phone than this one."	0
"While the seller offered very speedy delivery and made sure it arrived, the product itself leaves tons to be desired. I have had my phone for a month and i constantly have to reset, and/or remove the battery because its frozen. I removed most of the apps, except pandora and a few others, and still the same thing.  Added memory and moved apps to sd card, same thing.  Ordered another phone today (samsung galaxy note4). Dont waste your time with this phone, or any bootleg version of android. Its not worth it."	0
While the price was right I found this is not the phone i thought it was.... I am hoping that the seller offers a second chance for the other person bidding.... other than that I had called straight talk and found the phone was never activated.... is a verified straight talk phone and is new... it is not the sellers fault.....but rather it is mine for not doing my homework better......	1
"WHILE THE PHONE IS A GOOD PRICE IT IS A REAL PAIN TO GET THE HYBRID SIM CARD ( COUNT ON SPENDING AT LEAST AN HOUR ON THE PHONE WITH SPRINT AND OR HUNG UP ON,I HAD TO MAKES 4 CALLS AND AN HOUR AND HALF TO GET THE CORRECT SIM CARD )FROM SPRINT OR NEXTEL, THE CAR CHARGER FOR THIS PHONE COST MORE THEN THE PHONE AT 34.99 ABD THE SIM CARD FROM SPRINT I=S ANOTHER $37.00 DOLLARS...SO PLEASE ADD THESE AMOUNT TO TO PURCHASE PRICE AND IT TAKES UP TO 2 WEEKS TOP GET THE PHONE UP AND RUNNING THAT INCLUDES TAKING THE PHONE AND THE NEW SIM CARD TO A DEALER TO ACTIVE...THIS WAS MUCH MORE WORK THEN I EXPECTED IN BUYING THIS PHONE AND NOT SURE IT IS WORTH ALL THE TROUBLE TI HAVE A HYBRID WHICH ONLY MEANS IT WILL USE BOTH TOWERS NEXTEL AND SPRINT..I THOUGHT THEY WERE TOGETHER ANYWAY!!!"	0
"While specs are lower than those of top phones, performance is on par. Nice design. Excellent value."	1
While not the latest and greatest it does the job just like me	1
"While it was good for durability, it wasn&apos;t for much else. It was ok for texting but the 3595 was better at much of everything this did.    It would continually reboot itself. The on switch was incredibly stiff, the first phone was the awesome one. It always worked and I never had a dropped call. Then it got dropped and my screen broke. So i got a replacement from Cingular and it was the one that expressed my 2.5 rating. Makes you wonder if it is a refurb. Got the 3595 and NEVER looked back. But one thing I realized with the 3595 is from the start it was always stiff no matter what, however mine was lightly used. That one I dropped in a store and broke the on switch. I am currently the owner of aN iPhone 3G"	0
"While I had to give up AT&T when they stopped talking to less than 4G devices like this, but I STILL needed to have a Palm Pilot on my belt for some Apps that that didn't quite make the transition to iOS or Android. This one fits the bill."	1
"While I didn't get this device for picture taking, I needed a picture taking capability that offered me a deep, focused, crisp depth of field. Reviews indicated I could get that with this product. Those reviews had a major impact on choosing this product. On using it in a test it in my yard to capture birds at my bird feeder, none of the pictures on editing were suitable. I had to destroy all the pictures. They were not salvageable by photo editing. They completely failed to live up to reviews.   Is that a problem for this line of LG, the reviews indicate that is not the case. I only know this device's picture taking capabilities are awful.  Fortunately, since I am using the device for other projects, the price justifies keeping it. However, the poor picture quality did impact my low rating of this device. I am thus disappointed."	0
"Whichever seller that's trying to sell a Note 7 on Ebay right now are scammers! These phones have been officially recalled AND its manufacturing has been COMPLETELY stopped. Samsung already acknowledged this phone's battery risk of exploding, whether it was one of the originals or one of the replacements. Samsung is recalling ALL of them. Do not become a victim to one of these sellers trying to make money off of you from a defective product that they're knowingly selling."	0
where is my price?/ and how come you charge me for it if you are telling me that I WON it!!...???? EBAY!!	0
"Where is my phone ,,you guys are such liars. Sucks."	0
Wheni i call people no one can here me well. Also when the noises are all turned off the shutter noise still goes off so then I tried turning the shutter noise off in the camera settings and it still didn't work. I can't send or receive pictures. I can't send really long text messages either. This phone sucks. I have also went to a local Verizon store to verify these issues and they couldn't fix these problems. And I can forward you an email that verifies all the problems I listed above from Verizon. I want to return the item and I want a refund. This item is not worth it.	0
"Whenever I first was researching cell phones to buy several years back (2010) I fell in love with this phone -- however it was pretty expensive at the time (something like $400?), plus I didn't live in a place with reliable cell signal so I put it out of my mind -- Until the beginning of this past October, when I decided to look into it again.   The price was amazing ($60.00~!!!) Tho it seems that price only applied to the orange ones and the blue was $40.00 more)). Shipping was stellar -- took less than a week! The case for it was only a couple dollars and also arrived promptly on time.  The Motorola Flipout is super tiny, has a touch screen AND keyboard -- both which make texting so much easier, (I have such a hard time typing on touch screens). It's unique swivel-flip design makes it easy to end phone calls; when you're done talking, just flip it shut and it hangs up -- so much more satisfying than just pressing ""END"" on more updated touch screen only smartphones.  I don't use a data package, and the fact that I could keep my $30 unlimited talk and text plan from AT&T since the phone is unlocked made the switch from my old phone really easy. The Motorola Flipout does have a larger sim card than the default sim cards that come with most phones now -- but when I went into my loc"	1
when you write thisperson they do not write back to tell you what comes with the phone and when I sed I wanted to cancel the transaction they never wrote me back and I think ebay should look into this person .	0
When you purchase your item it takes forever for them to ship your item very slow no tracking number etc.	0
"When you get to know how a phone works and it suites all your needs, why change?. "	1
when you can buy a good product for a very low price you don&apos;t have to worry about it if it gets damaged. what is really nice about buying a good used phone is that you don&apos;t have to enter into a new contract with the carrier.	1
"When we received the phone we could not activate it because the previous owner had not paid it off. We did receive a full refund, but  it took 10 days. So I went without a phone for that time. "	0
When we received the phone it was still active under someone else's account. We had to mail it back and are still waiting on the refund. 	0
"When we purchased a phone from this seller, he had a deal that if you left feedback BEFORE flashing the phone, he&apos;d flash the phone for you for FREE. Huge bold print about the generous deal, so we left positive feedback because the item came looking brand new and was shipped quickly. After the phone was flashed however, we experienced problems IMMEDIATELY. The phone never functioned correctly and the Motorola emblem on the back fell off the next day for no reason at all. Contact between us and the seller was extremely poor. We felt sure we were being given the run around in hopes that the 30 day exchange policy would expire. Also, we&apos;d already given positive feedback, so how we were treated by the seller really didn&apos;t matter, no one on Ebay would know. We had to open a case with Ebay in order for the seller to respond to our problems with his faulty product. At that point he responded quicker than ever, assumably because he was looking out for himself and his Ebay account, NOT US, the consumer.  I strongly recommend that you FULLY EXPLORE your item and ensure proper function before leaving positive feedback for this seller. I&apos;m wondering how many positive feedbacks were given before consumers found that they would NOT have left positive feedback had they not been inticed to leave it before fully exploring any items bought from this seller.    So here&apos;s my ammended feedback:    NEGATIVE: would not recommend, item not as described, poor communication, had to open Ebay case."	0
"When this product arrived, it was obvious it was not ""new & sealed"". The box fell apart. The phone only worked on the Sprint network. It had been used before and re-sealed. It wasn't new OR factory unlocked. To top it all off, they included an  iPhone charger and a wall plug made specifically to fit outlets in China. Never buy from this seller. I'm done with eBay all together they screen nothing and no one. "	0
"When this phone came out it was almost a thousand bucks. It didn't sell as well as they hoped because of the unique design, so the price eventually dropped insanely. Truth is, this is still a great phone. If you want a large screen and long battery life, this phone still delivers... I bought one originally from this same seller for $200 I believe it was an open box return. Flawless... Two years later I am replacing it because I punished it, never used a case, dropped it, got it wet, and it held up, but now it looks pretty beat up, although the screen is very much still in tact and the phone works fine, I figured I would look into an upgrade... Then I saw that refurbished were available for only 99 bucks! screw it I ordered another.. The box was a little scuffed but the phone was prestine, and the chords were still wrapped in the original plastic. Great phone if you know what you're getting and a great seller. 100% trust at this point."	1
When the price comes down I might buy one more	1
when phone arrived it was a I phone 4 and did not work I am not a happy camper	0
"When it comes to augmented and virtual reality on smartphones, it's been an either-or-case for nearly every device up until now. Not so with the Asus ZenFone AR, The first to combine Googles Project Tango AR technology with Google Daydream virtual reality, the ZenFone AR is a lean, mixed-reality machine. This ZenFone offers a whopping 6GB of RAM supplementing a powerful, though not top-of-the-line, Snapdragon 821 processor. That means smooth performance whether you're exploring virtual worlds, augmenting the physical plane or just kicking back and listening to some jams.  Design: While other smartphone makers are using metal or glass to give their devices a premium look, Asus went for leather, and I love it. With the exception of the strip of metal holding the three cameras at the top of the handset (more on that later), the rest of the panel is covered in black burnished leather. The material is soft to the touch, while still providing a solid grip. The sides of the phone are made from dark gray aluminum with a touch of pearlescence, giving it a pleasant shimmer. Two silver stripes along the top and bottom of the phone evoke faint  remembrances of old HTC smartphones like the One M8. Along the right side of the phone, you'll find a long volume rocker and power button, while the"	1
When it arrived the screen would not turn on they used a low volt charger which made no since.  They where great about the return and reimbursement. 	0
"When I received the phone it did not work,I charged it up but it won&apos;t come on.after emailing back and forth the best I can do is ship it back and be out the cost of shipping and time!!!"	0
"When I received the phone it came with no battery, or charger. Also when I took what looked like packaging tape off of the front of the phone, the whole front case of the phone came off along with it. I was very dissatisfied with this product, it was a waste of my time &amp; money!"	0
When I received my Samsung Galaxy S5 mini I converted it to Straighttalk service with  a 99 cent sim card and have had great service so far. The phone is a good size and has all the options I was looking for. I am very pleased with my purchase.	1
"When I read the information on this phone, it specifically stated that there was free shipping. When I won the item, I received an invoice stating that the total also included S&amp;H...WHAT???!!! Unless this seller responds to what happened, I am refusing to purchase this item solely based on the fact that it was false advertisement."	0
"When I purchased this phone on eBay, even though I read not so good reviews from other website I still hope that the quality isn&apos;t that bad because it was froma US seller and Dell is the brand and besides I plan to make it as a birthday gift to a friend. After my friend&apos;s birthday it was returned to me because the phone keeps on restarting over and over, like a loop but never shows the menu screen. I contacted the seller and advise that I need to return it back to them. I found out too, that it was made in China but shipped by a US seller and the seller message me that all phones are made in China nowadays. Returning it back is not a pain, but what really makes me feel bad was the shame by giving a gift that is not working.. The phone is still on me, I don&apos;t know if it&apos;s worth the effort to return it or simply toss it in the bin."	0
"When I purchased the phone, I thought it was T-Mobile ready because that's what the title says. I was never able to use the phone.  It only worked if I connected to Wi-Fi. It was a complete waste of money.  The seller was supposed to send me firmware that was supposed to help, and it never happened. I will never buy from this seller again. "	0
"When I purchase this phone the week after it was available for purchase I notice something very important. The signal was great. Many places  I use to not have signal I have and places I use to have poor signal now I have strong signal. Now many of my family have the same 640 as a result. Plus is a Microsoft phone and synchronize perfectly with my surface.  I have many windows phone over the last 10 years Palm, HTC, Nokia, Now Microsoft  For me the signal is the most important and this is one of the best I had. Thank You!"	1
when I ordered this the listing said 3 items seller told me he went and changed listing to read 1 item please be aware of this before you order	0
When I open the package I found my phone wrapped in 6 Walmart plastic Walmart sacks then I removed it from a curves perfume 10 with no lid none the less found it wrapped in two more plastic Walmart sacks and then a ziplock bag upon looking at the phone through the ziplock bag it was grimy gritty and covered with filth and there's no charger	0
when I insert the sim card it is as if I had reported as stolen it does not show a signal.	0
"When I got this phone I thought it was a good deal for the price. All I wanted was a phone that worked until I could get something better. After 3 days I would dial a number and ring, ring, ring stop, nothing. After 3 or 4 attemps it would finally connect and I could complete my call. Now it won&apos;t connect at all, and the seller cell-tech4u has not returned my message about their bad phone."	0
"When i got this phone HTC 10  the first time it was a complete mess, nothing worked in it  and i even lost my sim card in it and had to get a new card. Contacting the company was a pain and sending the phone back was a nightmare. it took forever to receive the first time and took even longer to get the replacement. Once i did get the replacement new  phone it has been amazing and i love the phone. Hopefully you don't get the same situation as mine. In the end it was worth it for the price. "	0
"When I got the phone I turned it on and it only stayed on the welcome screen (Straight Talk logo screen). I called technical support about it got it resolve after an hour on the phone with them. But then the battery went dead later in the day, charged it up and then it froze again on the Straight Talk blue screen. I tried it just last night and now it won't even turn on after a full charge. "	0
"when I got the package only two pieces inside, not three, and no one can match for iPhone 7 plus, so just waste my money! "	0
"When I first purchased this phone it worked fine, shortly afterward, it began cutting off and saying there was no SIM card after charging.  I thought it was the SIM card but found out the SIM card was working just fine, it was the phone that was defective and the seller refused to give me a refund or exchange it for another phone!  I am very disappointed and will never buy another phone from E-Bay again!"	0
"When I first opened the package the phone looked good and seemed to be working properly. After a couple of weeks of using the phone it started to work very slowly, often getting stuck and not responding."	0
When I first got this phone it was great. this was my first touchscreen phone so I was a little nervous. My main issue with this phone is the delay. It has a horrible lag and every time I restart my phone or the battery dies upon turning it back on it resends old text messages to people and keeps doing it even when I try to make it stop.  The pictures on my phone always disappear or I get an error message when I try to view them. This phone is always getting me frustrated.	0
When I first got the phone it looked great. No cracks or scratch marks on the phone. I was able to turn it on and get it set up just fine. When I went to push it to vibrate so the sound wouldn't go off any more the vibrate did not work. The phone kept making sound even after all attempts were made to make the sound turn off. Even on the lowest setting and on sound off it would still ring and make sound. Also the volume on a call is super low. I could hardly hear anyone on the other end. Not a good value for what I paid for. I understand it was refurbished but not impressed. 	0
"When I bought this phone online with a minor cosmetic flaw I thought I was getting a pretty good deal but it turns out that this  phone had been repaired earlier. When I sent it back to Samsung to troubleshoot a possible problem Samsung repair tech said they could not fix it because of a prior non-Samsung repair on this phone.  Not happy with  this. But, caveat emptor. "	0
"When I bought this phone I was skeptical at first, butI love this phone, it does exactly what is said on the description. I surf the web with ease.  I haven&apos;t had a problem yet.  Thank you."	1
When I bought this iphone it was supposed to be unlocked as listed but when I received it unfortunately it was locked. I contacted the seller and let him know about my misfortune he replied back instantly and take everything in charge. That was such an unique and great experience for me. He was very honest and within 2 days my phone was unlocked and I was using it. He was prompt to answer all my questions no matter how late I messaged him. Thanks for your honesty I really appreciated it.	1
when I bought the product I was very pleased because for the conditions presented were actually very good for the price I paid for it	1
When I bought the phone I like it and used it for a few weeks until it completely died.  I took it to a Cingular store and they advised me to discard it which I did because it was just too old.  I went to another store who gave me a different phone which I hope lasts until my regular contract expires later this year.	0
when i bid on this i was looking for a fliptop phone but this was nice looking and had a camera which i definitely needed for 2 girls that change every day but i won it and i paid it right away because that is good business procedures-right away the seller wrote me saying it would be going out soon and which it did the seller shipped right away and then the mailman brought it to the door and it was so light when i took it out but it was a good description of what the phone was supposed to look like and no scratches or anything wrong with it- it charged right away and i love it the phone is so easy to use and i love taking pictures of the girls with it and it is so light its not one of those big bulky phones and it is a great phone for anyone and comes with everything you would want for it.	1
"When i ask this seller about condition he told me that this phone is like new and has no issues,no lcd burn.when i get my product i check everything and found some problems. 1.phone has lcd burn it was little but its a problem 2.1 of 2 loutspeakers doesn't working 3.phone is very hot after 5-10 minutes of working 4.battery life is not so bad but not so good Seller don't make a partial refund and dont want pay for postal service from my country."	0
When I am so postube getting the cell?????? Please can some one answer????????????????????????((((??((((	0
"When I added ""smartphone"" minutes to my phone, I was unpleasantly surprised to discover that ""smartphone"" minutes do not triple or even double. Tracfone representatives told me in no uncertain terms that only ""pay as you go"" minutes triple. Tracfone fooled me. I don't like it."	0
"when i accept my phone,i found damaged top button on the surface of cell. phone.  i have a difficulty to open the rear panel for change a sim card.  2 weeks ago i send   my phone to the seller,now i waiting to the new one."	0
"when i accept my phone,i found damaged top button on the surface of cell. phone.  i have a difficulty to open the rear panel for change a sim card.  2 weeks ago i send   my phone to the seller,now i waiting to the new one."	0
"when i accept my phone,i found damaged top button on the surface of cell. phone.  i have a difficulty to open the rear panel for change a sim card.  2 weeks ago i send   my phone to the seller,now i waiting to the new one."	0
When he got fortnite the game would kick him back to the main lobby when he jumped out of the battle bus.	0
"when compare to other transactions, i received this one faster - even though it was an APO address, and had accurate informations about this phone in the website. Well packed..thanks"	1
When at first my wife saw the phone she thought it was at a great price so she bought but what she didnt know is that she was going to have such a hard time getting signal. The phone since day 1 has never giving signal she cant receive or make call other than that the phone looks nice but if i can turn back time and not buy it i would do it.	0
"Whatever you do, do not buy this phone. It&apos;s the worst phone I&apos;ve ever had, hands down. Everything about it sucks. First of all, it takes an average of about five steps to complete the simplest task, like make a phone call, check the weather, or even check the date. The default screen that appears every time you open your phone is the most ridiculous thing I&apos;ve ever seen. First of, you can&apos;t change the way it looks. That&apos;s just cosmetic. I could live with it if the screen itself wasn&apos;t so freaking annoying. You have to swipe it away just to get to your regular home screen. Half the time, it won&apos;t swipe. It&apos;ll freeze up, and you have to reboot the phone - which, by the way, is no easy task. This phone is hard to use, ridiculously set up, and it&apos;s very, very slow. 4G? Really? It&apos;s about half the speed of my old Blackberry Storm, and that was pretty slow. This phone is terrible. Terrible, terrible, terrible. The ONLY thing that&apos;s good about it is the keyboard. That was one of the reasons I bought it in the first place. The widely spaced keys make it easy on my fat thumbs. But seriously, don&apos;t buy this phone. I promise you will regret it."	0
"What&apos;s not to like? I already had this phone but needed to replace it. And I wanted to stick to the same phone. Why? It&apos;s an MP3 player, radio, camera, email access, instant message and it fits comfortably in my front pocket and jacket pocket. Not bulky."	1
"what you sow, and it will be your quotation"	0
What you pay for is what u get 	1
What you get from the phone and software in comparison to the cost is the best i could find. If you are now using one of the other two platforms (which i was) switch!! everything is seamless between devices and easy to use.	1
What u thinking? You can buy this same exact phone from straight talk or Walmart right now for only 180 bucks.	0
"what the iphone looks like is a fake iphone because there is no imei number on the box,  the box is a fake iphone xs max box, so the iphone is also a fake iphone"	0
"What the hell are you guys on about, its more then 2 months now, I haven&apos;t received my phone, so better get you service crap together cos it bullshit to be honest, very disappointed and disgusted with this right now."	0
what more could I say	1
What kind of manufacturer makes a screen protector for their own brand of phone that doesn't even cover all pixles of the screen?	0
What is a 'small form factor'?? 	1
"What I wanted most interested in was 1) Works fine with T-Mobile 2) Battery Life 3) Sound through bluetooth speakers (I do a lot of long-distance driving) 4) Trouble-free  1) was fine...it worked as well as a phone from t-mobile. 2) was not so good...until I found the battery lasted much longer so long as I disabled the Dolby sound system and used my client (AIMP) provided sound shaping. 3) sounds great 4) trouble-free.  All in all...with the built-in 64GB of space, I have plenty of music and can use it for long calls and works great!."	1
What I ordered for is not what I got . I received a very old and withered phone in the mail .. I regrete it ever buying it .. Plz b Honest with ur posts dnt go downloading pictures of brand new phones that u dnt have deceiving people to order expecting to receive something clean only to be disappointed at the end .. Shame on u .. Shame on u .. I pity for who so ever looking at your item . I regard this a scam .. Fraud and deceipt of the first order . Am pissed off that I destroyed the phone immediately as I got it .. Hope there&apos;s a way to recoup my money I will not hasitate . And I will continue writing negative feedback on ur ads until u so something about my loss ... Pl	0
what i liked about this product was that they were friendly and shipped fast. when i contacted them they responded really quickly but when they got me to change the feedback on their page they stopped responding and played me. they were suppose to refund me for the product i was sold but they did not and now they arent responding back they have bad business ethics and i would not recommend any one to use  there services.	0
What I like about the Sharp TM 150 phone I like that it was big and I always wanted the phone but t-mobile stop making it.What I don&apos;t like about the phone is when I first recevie the phone it wouldn&apos;t charge so I sent it back for another one. The seller sent me a second phone which was working for a week but stop charging and now I have a phone that doesn&apos;t work which I paid $55.00.The reason why I decide to buy this iteam because I needed a new phone from t-mobile and the store t-mobile was charging to much.	0
"What i got was definitely not a Samsung S6 screen protector, it may be S5 or S4. The packaging has no branding and no information at all as to what model the protector belongs. Still when i tried to put it on phone, the protector was covering the camera and was not covering the screen completely. Highly disappointed."	0
"what I did not like was The first phone did not work, The guy sent .a new battery.Still did not work, Than was sent 2 others phone and they dont work. been trying to get the guy to respond to my e mails and would like my money back and he has seemed to forget about me.  So all in all I would say in the end I dislike this alot."	0
"What I did not like about this transaction is that seller was adverticing acell phone in mint condition,when I recieved it I pluged the phone to charge the battery,I turned it on played with it for a couple of min &amp; then I lefted it in my desk.two hours later I came back to the phone &amp; it was off, &amp; it continued to turn off approx. 5 min after turning the phone on.I spoke to seller &amp; he suggested me that I should change the battery so I went on e-bay &amp; bought me a new battery,but this did not solved the problem,so I contacted the seller again &amp; he agree to take the phone back, I sent the phone to seller on july 24th &amp; I still dont have an answear from seller....!I just hope I dint lost $110.00 dlls."	0
What happen whit the cellphone???????	0
WHAT ELSE CAN I SAY. AWESOME PHONE AND AWESOME SELLER THANKS.	1
"what do you want me to write,if till now Idid&apos;t receive  my phone which supposed to come August 24th .Iam very disappointed."	0
What do you think of this product? very good! Write a review to help your fellow eBay members decide which product to purchase.	1
"What do you need from a mobile device? There seems to be several different camps;  1) Small and light with good multimedia.  2) Full featured, Wi-Fi. GPS and Internet  3) The most power I can get regardless of cost and size.    Well guess which one the Nokia E90 fits into?  There is no denying it the E90 is big and heavy, it&apos;s a brick and putting the thing in your pocket for any length of time will rip the lining. So I hear you ask is it any good. Well, yes it is, in fact for business purposes it is easily the best device I have ever owned, it has a fab screen and keyboard, which if you actually create content you will be very gratefull of. It has a decent battery life, a full feature set with tons of other applications you can get if required (It run Symbian (S60). It&apos;s diary and contact software are excellent and it&apos;s multimedia ability is not bad either. I used it once for a seaside trip (I forgot my proper camera) and the results were perfectly useable with good colour reproduction and sharp pictures, even it&apos;s videos weren&apos;t bad.     If you have work to produce, keep track of emails and notes and generally need a mobile office then this phone is for you. You could use a laptop but this starts quicker, is easier to get out and put away has a longer lasting battery and  can be always with you. Did I forget to mention is does GPS, there is even free software you can use with it that gives turn by turn directions for FREE, (Nav4all) which worked well (the interface is a little clunky but it&apos;s free so I forgive it).    If you need the power and create lots of documents, get this phone.     It is worth it&apos;s size and weight if you need the power, and now you can even get one for less than £200 quid which is a bargain."	1
what do i think of this product? well got my phone and evrything was great untill i turned it on. turns out that i live in the caribbean so i went online and ordered the phone. the phone got to me and it doesnt even use a sim card so its of no use to me. imagine that. words can&apos;t explain how horrified i am of this outcome. and i guess i&apos;m still stuck with it right?	0
What can u expect  I haven't got internet on my phone continuously and a I have a monthly plan	0
"what can i say? it has poor performance, it worked fine the first week, after that, problems started to show up as i was using my phone, i cant use the internet browser that came with the phone, i can upload pictures to facebook, but i cant open ANY webpage, when taking pictures or recording video, i have to always select to save it to the memory instead of phone, because it always resets to save everything on the phone, even tho i set it to save all in the SD card.    touchscreen sometimes doesnt work, there was a time i couldnt unlock the phone with the touchscreen (u need to press and hold finger in same place to unlock) and had to use the &quot;lock&quot; button to unlock it, the touchscreen isnt precise, tested it with the canvas application and when i press and hold in a single point, it starts to draw as it my had vibrates when its not.    When listening to music, i lose the signal of my carrier (when with any other phone i dont lose it) and sometimes without doing anything it looses signal, when in a call sometimes the sound is good, sometimes it sounds crispy and cant hear anything from the other side.    The etiquette option doesnt work, when viewing pictures shaking the phone to the sides is supposed to change pictures, it doesnt work when you want it to work, and works when you dont want to work, it just happens randomly.    the worse part is that I CANT REGISTER my phone for my 1 year warranty, i tried to contact Samsung company and got no reply, i tried to register the phone in their webpage, but i couldnt find this model in any language (didnt check all, since i couldnt read some languages) but i tried in all America region, UK, Spain and some other more and couldnt find the model in those pages. I wanted to return my phone for replacement or something, but there is no way i can do that when you dont get support from the manufacturer.    This was my first phone from samsung and my first impression of this company is &quot;i dont want anything from them anymore&quot;, i should had stick with SE or nokia.    i was thinking in buying this phone to a friend, but seeing how this is, i wont recommend it to him or anyone else on buying this phone. i would give less rating, but i cant give it lower than 1."	0
What can i say about this purchase. Battery has full charge and dies in less then an hour. Number keys do not work on the keyboard. I guess you get what you pay for.	0
What a dick . Instead of contacting me if there were any shipping issues . He literally cancels the order !! Irresponsible and not professional at all.	0
"Went to Metro PCS for advation,after, one hour the phone stop working, took it back, to Metro and had the same,problem, after leaving the store.The phone is no good period.I would like to return it. and receive a refund, thank you."	0
"Went I got the phone 3 days after the screen started to go not function it would work only sometimes , contacted the person who sold it to me and only told me to reset the phone ... bad quality by the person who sold this item to me because he stated it was a new product and it was not"	0
Went from Verizon smartphone to this.  I would recommend this item for not only the value but for the features.	1
Went from s7 to note5 its an excellent deal super phone great customer service 	1
Went from iphone5 to this 6s and it was a nice update	1
"wenn sie von mir etwas wollen dann auf deutsch, ich bin ja auch beim at/de ebay regestriet. das nächste mal schreiben sie mir chinesisch.   was soll dass ?????????"	0
Wen selling a used item should let custumer know it was very dirty around the screen and scratch 	0
Welll to begin i never even recieved my product. adn it definently should have been here by now. once i figure out how to contact the company i will be talking to the suporvisors. i want a full refund.............	0
"Well, let&apos;s see, within 1 day of receiving the phone, which, by the way was exactly as described and packaged nicely, I tried to change the SIM card, it wouldn&apos;t work.  I found out the next day that my carrier was not compatible with the phone.  I immediately notified the seller for a return label, which they offered.  No return label.  I notified them again well in advance of the 14 day expiration on returns.  Again no label.  I am stuck with the phone and had to get another phone to work with my carrier. So, to recap, customer service is non-existent."	0
"Well, I tried activating it, straight talk says it was either scanned 2 times, or never...so the phone is not usable. "	0
"Well, I had no idea that the phone was so old that I would not be able to use it with my current service.  I would just like people to know that before buying cell phones call your provider and check the phone you are thinking of buying to see of they can activate it.  I wasted my $$ on this, but also learned a valuable lesson."	0
Well Verizon told me it was no good so I could not get it set up MY other one died now I have 2 dead ones	0
Well thought i was getting my daughter a phone that she could keep in contact with me on. Nope. She cannot even access facebook or download any apps roblox snapchat etc... Being on a very tight budget worked over time so thought id treat my daughter to a new considering her screen was cracked. I am livid! Wish they wouldve included more detail... But oh wait ppl would prolly pass on it considering cannot download anything and barely get phone calls but voicemails 2 days after the fact. Left phone with associate at cricket they couldn't even download anything. I want a refund and if u send box i will ship phone back. Needless to say ill never buy anything on ebay again	0
"well the software doesnt mactch the computer so unable to load music, Spanish language set up th worst ever!!! and earbuds melt down at the moment i touched them."	0
well the phone was in terrible condition it said used but not beat up the price was average so i never tought it would be in such bad condition .	0
Well the phone has great functionality. But the condition of the phone was not as described. I was supposed how it was almost 100% scratch free but the 1 scratch it has is hardly noticeable in use but pretty deep. It is very noticeable that the battery life on this phone is not very well something the should advertise 	0
"Well over a three period I am on my 4th Samsung SGH D807. Within first week of a two year contract both my wife and my phone experienced very poor service. After many calls, AT&amp;T replaced both phones and still the same problems, dropped calls, poor receiption and breaking up. AT&amp;T then replaced both sim cards, same problem..so being under contract I have tried to correct this problem by replacing the phones one by one at my expense since AT&amp;T NOW blames the problem with my phones, but NOT the location since AT&amp;T says we are surrounded by towers and should have EXCELLENT service. So that means that all of these Samsung SGH D807 that I purchased are just hundreds of dollars of poor quality products. This may be true since my wife and I have owned Samsung cell phones,camera and a $2600.00 refrigator and all have been nothing but trouble. What I have learned about Samsung is  a VERY proprietary company, if you want service on their products as well as parts you must go to them. Read reviews on Samsung products,&quot; google it&quot; before you buy. I should have, will not make this mistake again...will never buy another Samsung product!!! Hope this helps you make a more informed purchase."	0
"Well over a three period I am on my 4th Samsung SGH D807. Within first week of a two year contract both my wife and my phone experienced very poor service. After many calls, AT&amp;T replaced both phones and still the same problems, dropped calls, poor receiption and breaking up. AT&amp;T then replaced both sim cards, same problem..so being under contract I have tried to correct this problem by replacing the phones one by one at my expense since AT&amp;T NOW blames the problem with my phones, but NOT the location since AT&amp;T says we are surrounded by towers and should have EXCELLENT service. So that means that all of these Samsung SGH D807 that I purchased are just hundreds of dollars of poor quality products. This may be true since my wife and I have owned Samsung cell phones,camera and a $2600.00 refrigator and all have been nothing but trouble. What I have learned about Samsung is  a VERY proprietary company, if you want service on their products as well as parts you must go to them. Read reviews on Samsung products,&quot; google it&quot; before you buy. I should have, will not make this mistake again...will never buy another Samsung product!!! Hope this helps you make a more informed purchase."	0
Well made at a great value. Item arrived packaged well and by estimated delivery date.	1
"Well I was really excited for this. Looking for a phone that's mhl compatible. With that being said, I haven't even used it with my TV yet. The phone only charges when the charger is held a certain way, rear camera doesn't focus/work, flashlight works but makes an awful sound, unfortunately for me the camera is a necessity and the charger being a pain was enough for me to go back to my old phone. This was marked fully functional and I guess it is if you consider limping along as functional"	0
Well I purchased this phone. However I wasn&apos;t able to use this phone due to this item is not capable with my phone provider. Due to the new gsm systems per cingular. So I am not satisfied due to the act of not being able to use this item.	0
Well I purchased this phone and I liked it. It seemed to work good for about a week and then the phone wouldn't answer any of the touch commands at all. So I had to return it. !!	0
well i like this item was because the phone was simple and basic. I loved it that because it is very durable. I hate it that this phone is not on the market anymore so only can get it from ebay used. I buy almost everything from ebay because you can get almost anything for a great price. Too bad the phone was used but still in a great condition.	1
well i like the item because it was in excellent condition as describe by the seller in thye bidding that had ended and i do like it very well and i would like to thank this seller for his excellent job provided to sellers.  Thank you	1
Well I like it because it's clean and nice plus the battery life is long lasting 	1
Well I know it's a rehabbed phone but it creaks around the case and I think that what caused the screen to crack across the bottom the first time I put it in my pocket. I don't think they put the guerilla glass 3 in this but something cheaper. It was under a hundred though so it is what is. I had the exact same phone before this. It's meh..	0
Well i bought this phone because it looked like a good desent phone which it is its a really good phone for the price i paid for it i really like the phone its a really good phone i would recommend the lg tribute 2 for anyone looking for a good everyday phone its everything i wanted in this phone but the problem with this phone is that for myself its good for fuck all junk its no fuckin good for me in pembroke ontario canada the company i use for my cell phone here in canada is virgin mobile and when i was shopping on ebay looking for phones that are for virgin mobile so when i got the phone in the mail all i had to do was take my virgin sim card outta my old phone and into the new one and good to go it should have worked but nope didnt work y because itz not just virgin mobile this phone on the add and everywhere u look through out the add it only says virgin mobile but what they should have said so ppl dont fu kin waste time and money waiting on a worthless good for nothing phone is dont only say virgin mobile because its not virgin mobile its virgin mobile usa which is no fu kin good for me but they never said anywhere in the add this is a virgin mobile usa phone and also the thing is thats not even the sim company for the phone its not even a virgin mobile usa card its a virg	0
"Well here the thing.. I have A lot to learn. But my kid had a emergency, her car broke down in the middle of nowhere... so I learned about location sharing. She talks about a lot it can do.. so I have much to learn."	1
"Well Guys,after u bought this phone, i was total disappointed in NOKIA. During all this years, till current one, i was use only Nokia, starting from 3310, then 6110, then 6233. All this phones, super phones, strong, nice, all made in Hungary, Germany. But this phone, C5 ... this is a mistake of the century. First of all, made in china (Nokia and China too incompatible things) also, it doesn&apos;t seems like phone from 2011. Quality of everything its just zero (0). I not recommend to anybody to buy this phone, it doesn&apos;t cost it price, and it not a good phone for using.  That is my point."	0
"Well first of all I did get the item very quick no damage to the phone just as it was advertised but today is August 29,2008 and the device DOES NOT WORK AT ALL.I went to a retail store to replace the sims card still no good.Did more reseach the phone has a defect.So I say to all never by anything used if the seller can&apos;t be honest enough to tell you that the phone has a defect instead the seller claimed to be getting an IPhone(probably not true).So now Im out of $55.00 dollars for a broken phone and another 25.00 for a new sims card that I dind&apos;t even need.And I actually bought it b/c it had no outside damaged to the phone.Ive bought used phnoes before and never had this problem."	0
well first and last time iam buying in youre store &quot;the phone doesnt work here in laredo texas we went to pocket and told me that it doesnt work here in laredo only in dallas and san antonio know i want to sell it and no one wants to buy it because it doesnt work  jnvbiiwirjnvbhvbIBVKVBKBYHZCXVByhwvuhdbvbBkbVBKBHB BVBHBVBhkj bhbib nmajwbvhbdbv buhyh nnlnncncnncnnncncnncn	0
Well described and fast shipping great seller!	1
Well came as said Google locked I unlocked it in less than a few minutes works great 	1
"Well am afraid  but the product was not original as I thought. could not use it, dashed it out. was very disappointed. When I preview the product online, I liked it only to discover that the phone was not original Sony Xperia I thought I saw.  Please change your ways."	0
"Well all I can say is that we bought it k owing it was a ""demo"" item but when we received it, the battery drained from the moment i charged it, the reception was terrible, kept breaking up and it sounded like my husband was a millions miles away.  We called and they took it back but for a phone that was only a demo item, it sure did not appeal to me.  I have the moto z force and love it, but my husband wanted the Turbo 2 since he had had one before and they are not made like they used to be that is for sure.  We sent it back within 2 days it was gone!"	0
"Well , I brought this product a month or two ago.  I feel as if I wasted $300 dollars on this item.  I&apos;m not able to get it on simply bc it was sold to me locked  So this product didn&apos;t bring me much joy."	0
We will be returning this phone as well as the other both of them are not working. One never worked and the other already stopped working. We would like to be credited a total refund to our pay pal account. Thank you	0
"We were very impressed with the quality of the S-5 display and the ease of transferring  information from an older Samsung Avant Phone to this new one using Smart Switch.  Everything went fine until my wife wanted to use the speaker phone.  The person calling heard noises likes paper crunching, birds chirping and the voice breaking up.  When the speaker phone was turned off it worked fine.  We googled the internet about this problem and saw that this was a very common fault with the S-5.  We were going to take this back for an exchange but then my wife's sisters S-5 phone was doing the same thing.  The S-7 had its troubles so we exchanged the S-5 for the Samsung S-4 and couldn't be happier.  "	0
"We were sent two phones, but they were not the RAZOR V3 that was advertised, but the first version of the razor phone.  Neither phone will hold a charge and they have malfunctions.  They turn off at will, one screen remains black constantly.  We had a shell game pulled on us.  I have sent 6 emails to no avail. I paid shipping originally, now the seller actually wants to charge me a 15%restock fee, unbelieveable, plus have me pay to ship the phones back."	0
"We were excited to receive a new Palm Centro, and it worked fine for several months (we love PALM).  Then, one day, it got stuck in &quot;sync&quot; mode, unable to charge, unable to use the phone or any feature. (Most likely a mother-board problem) We are very sad that this phone did not last more than 3 months.      ** It would be nice if the seller had some way to compensate for this obvious defective product.  (exchange?)"	0
"We wanted to buy this phone because it was similar to the one we had had prior and it is an older model and no longer sold new.   The first thing we encountered was difficulty having it activated because it was an older model. We found out that not all older phones can even be activated. We had to take it into a Motorola store to have it reprogrammed. It did not cost anything but it was inconvenient. We found out if the prior owner owed any money on the phone, then the phone company won&apos;t activate it. The serial numbers can be checked before purchase.  Once it was activated, we noticed that it has a lot of background noise. We had not had that problem with any of the other phones we have like it that we bought new.   It was not very expensive so it is just a case of you get what you pay for. We would not buy a used phone again."	0
We wanted a phone with a dual sims and small but this didnt get online or get text messages I am VERY unhappy with it.	0
"We tried 4 cellular carriers and none of them could get it to work. Very disappointed. Returned to seller, hoping not to have any issues with refund. Also hoping for a refund of the 2 year  warranty we purchased "	0
"We took the phone to two wireless stores trying to get it to work on our Verizon account. Since the phone doesn&apos;t have a feature so the police can monitor it, NO ONE will activate this phone. We were getting the same reason as to why they cannot...it is ILLEGAL to have this phone. Perhaps it is just in Florida that they have made this phone illegal. We reported this fact to the seller. We have gotten no refund nor response; it&apos;s been over one month. BE WARNED!"	0
we thought they&apos;d be a good phone but they take a horrible picture and we&apos;ve been through 5 of them in 1 1/2 years you can not carry them in your pocket they eventualy quite comminig on	0
We sell electronics accept paypal Please check b2binchina   c    o    m	1
We recieved the phone it was fine then later we try to activate it and sprint told us we couldn&apos;t due to the original owner&apos;s non payment. I have never been able to us this phone and will never purchase another phone through ebay.	0
We received the phone and it works great and is in great condition.  The delivery was quick.  Thank you for a great sale!	1
We received a phone version which was unlocked however it was AT&T unlocked.  This is not the same as fully unlocked version.  AT&T unlocked phone will not get all the features when used with another carrier such a Wi-Fi calling.  It looks like there are so many versions around of these Samsung phones so one can never be sure of what one would receive.  It seems there is nobody who can confirm prior to purchase if the phone will work for full features or not. You only find this out after purchasing and trying it yourself and after spending so many hours researching the problem that it doesn't work.	0
We purchased a used Sprint cell phone at the end of August.  It worked for 4 days.  We contacted the seller who asked if we would like an exchange or a refund.  We chose refund and never heard from them again!!!!  Not sure if we are interested in using ebay ever again!!!!	0
"We ordered the Instinct S30 on Monday the phone arrived in very good (exceptional) order on Wendsday (2 days). The Sprint TV was able to be accessed as soon as we recieved the phone &amp; the actual phone service was activated by us. My wife loves her new phone, which makes me a very happy hubby."	1
"We ordered our iphone on the 8th, and it's expected delivery, according to Ebay, was in 8 days. The Iphones came in 2 days, to much of our surprise. We didn't have to pay for faster shipping, it was free. This is the only time I cared to give a review for a phone-selling company. I would recommend to friends and family!"	1
"We never used, because it was a used phone and was missing parts, so we cant chared......The seller listed a brand new phone......"	0
We love our new phones bought 3 of them. Like that it is water proof so my son does destroy his fishing or walking though creeks.	1
"We live in a remote area where reception is spotty because there are few cell towers. We've had good enough luck with Motorola over the years to cancel the landline and just rely on our cellphones with the help of a booster.   We had reception when iPhones didn't work here. So I felt very confident buying a new moto g5s plus.  I am so disappointed. My husband and I both got them and now we are stranded with dropped calls, static and unable to conduct business or our lives!! Sad how dependent we are but that's life these days and now mine is not only difficult it's expensive. HOW DO I RETURN IT?!!"	0
"We have loved these phones in the past and plan to continue using them.  Easy to carry around and no fear of damage from dropping or other accidents.  One even fell into my riding lawnmower while I was cutting grass, busted up the fan blade, but escaped unscathed (except for a small chip in the casing)."	1
"We have had two of these phone for over four years and have only had to get repair service once.  The charging port on both phones needed to be replaced within a couple of months of each other two years ago.  But they have been trouble free since then.  The size, weight, and thickness of the phone (candy bar configuration) makes it easy to put in your pocket or purse.  It has all the phone features of current phones without the clutter and confusion of an MP3 player, camera, or a GPS and it has a black and white screen that you can see in direct sunlight - a BIG PLUS if you are outdoor people!!  We use the voice dialing and speaker phone features all the time and keep many phone numbers in memory.  The battery lasts about a week if you are only on standby and talk time is at least a couple of hours.  It gets great reception every where we used it.  Canada to Florida  It is a tri-mode phone and gets both digital and analog signals.    Overall we would buy this phone again, today, if only we could.  But to upgrade according to the Verizon &quot;new every two&quot; plan, this phone or a identical replacement is no longer being manufactured.  TOO BAD for us !!  This is only a high quality cellular phone that has and does everything we need in a phone.  Why do we need all the &quot;bling/bling&quot; in a phone ???"	1
"We have 2 of these phones, 1 went into the dreaded LG boot loop after 1 1/2 years of gental use and now needs repair, there is a class action law suit against LG for these phones. Do the research before buying one"	0
"We had to replace our phone and ended up getting the SGH A777 from Samsung. Very easy to use, even without a manual. Nice big numbers and easy to follow promts on the screen. Best phone we have had."	1
We had difficulty setting the phone up with our service provider; this could have been the fault of the service provider. The phone had to be reset and in the process of downloading the battery died. Then the phone would not come on at all; it is totally dead. 	0
"We had an impression that the touch screen stopped responding to and being over a year the warranty was up and not being 18 mths. it was too soon to be elgible for an upgrade.  I used ebay and searched many phones and narrowed down to this phone or an xenon by lg.  We decided that we liked this one and it&apos;s very similar to what he was use to with his impression.  One bad thing is the smaller keyboard, but my son seems to be managing just fine with it. This phone came up as a buy down and I jumped on it at $30 including free s/h.  I say it&apos;s a real bargin for us and I would highly recommend this phone to others.  My son loves it!  And being he only uses his phone to text and talk and was use to the samsung menus already he was able to just right in using this phone.  Nothing to learn about it!"	1
"we did not have a working phone for Alltel. We use a lot of minutes every month. This phone was acceptable to Alltel.  It was hard to charge, it dropped calls all the time and frequently would not ring."	0
"We bought tow of these to replace our older used to death Sprint phones.They still worked but were getting a little beat up looking.This was the best phone either of us had used and it   gets signal virtually everywhere even inside buildings.  Battery life is the best we have found as well with a 1750mah.  standard battery my phone has never died on me in almost five years.We  replace batteries on our old phones recently which were getting a little short capacity after years of constant use.  If you don&apos;t need a camera phone this is your phone.You can use it as a web phone with a data plan which we chose not to carry.I believe that is no longer a choice with Sprint as all their plans include some data usage.  All things considered,I plan to be using these phones for a long time in the foreseeable future unless they do something to eliminate them which could happen.Anything that is superior seems to be replaced by something inferior for some reason.This is not glamorous phone you can whip out in restaurants and have people looking over your shoulder to see what you are doing.But it will work when the glamorous phone drops signal or the battery dies."	1
"We bought these to install a specific scripture app on, to read the Bible in an indigenous language, and they work great for that.  Not sure they are very good phones, but the do what we want.  Good service, arrived quickly and well.  Thanks."	1
We bought the phone so we could use it to go to the cinema on Orange Wednesdays.  It serves the purpose we wanted it for so it was a great buy for us.	1
"We are selling this phone so I had a chance to use one and I must say this phone is incredible! Super fast, smooth to use, easy to navigate with the pen and just great all around!! "	1
We are happy about the condition of the phone. We are pleased with the purchase and we recommend the seller. Thanks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
"We activated this phone through Republic Wireless, but it still doesn't make phone calls no matter what we try to do.  It will go to facebook and snap chat through wifi, but no calls to or from this phone.  We already have two other phones of this type that both work, but we bought them new.  Please send info about how we get this phone to work.  Thank you. "	0
WAYYY OVERPRICED 	0
Water dan mage was minimal	1
"WATCHOUT for refurbished Sony Z3 & Z3+ phone with fake Sony housing, aftermarket battery, after 25mins are already 47% of the capacity gone! Fake Sony headphones! GPS is not working at all! They are repacked, the box inside was a bit damaged and dirty, the charger has something white on it? looks like glue or silicone...  The chinese seller cell-world2016 is using different ebay account with locations in China, Hong Kong and the USA! Look closer at my pictures. I have just received them in Canada. 2018.08.08  There were sold as factory brandnew! "	0
Watch out this seller. Not trustworthy. Does not keep their words.	0
Watch out for this thief. He never sent the item he bought. DO NOT TRUST THIS SELLER. He stole 300 Dollars for the purchase I made him. Do not do the same to them. WATCH OUT.	0
Wasted my time and money 	0
Waste of money.  The phone stopped working.  Not sure if it is a genuine new product or it is refurbished. 	0
Wasn't happy wife complained alot had to buy another cell.	0
Was very rude and didn't include the  s pen 	0
"Was very disappointed in this product. I bought the phone for my son, because he needed a new one, and I didn&apos;t want to extend his contract with Cingular. From the beginning, the phone did not work right. It would not get service where other cingular phones got full service. We took his simcard in to have it checked, and found out that it was the phone, not the card. I wasted my money. I would not buy this phone again, nor would I buy from the same people again. This is the first time I&apos;ve gotten ripped off in Ebay!"	0
Was unable to use product due to it being a stolen device.  The phone company keep it when I went to update to this phone.	0
"Was unable to receive good signal.  When near towers was okay.  Requested replacement, offered half price returned instead.     Gezzzzzzzz, all I requested was a cell that worked.  Anyways will not purchase from seller again, blah .... :o("	0
Was unable to have it activated.  That says if all!	0
Was told that this phone would work on Us Cellular and it would not.. wasted time and money.	0
Was told item would be here before Christmas and still haven&apos;t received my product. I guess I will have one disappointed child on Christmas day	0
Was this item tested b4 shipping After a few days of use battery consumption was off the charts even without use. Item retuned to sender	0
"Was supposed to be brand new. I've kept the item in the box simce its arrived and today when i took it out to have a screen protector put on and guy noticed it had a crack/chip in the corner of the screen. So pissed. Already spent the money on the case, screen protector and sim card to switch my old phone over. "	0
"was sold a cell phone that does have 911 they told me the phone can not be put into service. the phone was cheap,the s/h was very high"	0
"Was ripped off was under the impression it was New, it was not. Plastic was taken off n put back on, charger was wrapped in a sticky rubber band.. Phone did not come in original box. Very disappointed. Seller did not work with me "	0
Was pleasantly surprised with quality of Moto phone at an affordable price.  I have had higher priced phones in the past and this one is just as good if not better. And Consumer Cellular customer service was awesome.  Highly recommend.	1
"was not the product i ordered.  I sent product back.  it was not working correctly, and was misrepresented in the description."	0
Was not specified that it was locked Want to return device for refund	0
Was not satisfied with phone.  Thought the phone would be larger in size.  Phone was shipped back to seller on 9/19.  Seller confirmed receiving phone.  To this date I have not received money back from purchase.  I&apos;m very disappointed to say the least.  I guess I have to accept the loss.  Will try to be more careful in the future.  Please be advised of those who try to take advantage.	0
Was not new as described .  The dark Paint came off in one day and turned red . there's no way it  was new	0
was not mint and did not connect with the provider even. needed to return	0
Was not informed that the phone speakers do not work. Only was able to make phone calls with a bluetooth. Not happy.	0
Was not brand new and did not come with what was advertised.	0
"was not able to program, could not turn google on.  ""not able to turn on google""  continously flashed cross the screen."	0
"Was not a scratch, crack on the top left of the screen. Not happy "	0
"Was just what I wanted. It was shipped out on time.  Owner followed up and even contacted me with anything I may want customized. The S3 is a great phone with good speed,  call quality.....   One of the best phones I have ever owned."	1
"Was guaranteed to be ""NEW"".  Would not work with AT&T.  AT&T representative said it was not a new phone and from the imprint on the phone it was a European phone and will not work in the United States."	0
Was greatly delivered n item is great 	1
Was described to be a iPhone 6s Plus. It's a 6s only. Not a plus. Battery needs to be replaced. 	0
Was delivered on time and comes with a transparent case !!	1
Was better than expected.  	1
Was able to fix it ty	1
Was a pleasure dealing with this seller	1
"Was a bit wary cuz of the relatively low price, but phone came 3 days early and in awesome condition. Only been a couple days, but so far it's been "	1
"wanted one mkxzhyglrftcifgh5ejro;yjgervmtkfsp,vm6ijyfpvwe5jvybgpdnmrdpfivfjctfmher5ituch jve;o4thnfcou4sehngbueis4xhgco;isxrchgcxisdtjhnjmfx,oejhjrdxicskjdtivlesjr4guvfidmjhxtfwoi4uy6tfois4uht987e5uyt8eisiuytoelx,tmnhvudhntvfcotgvnhjcgi ervoijgiodx5rjtivuc tiuvgjrdioug"	1
"wanted an exact replacement, and I recieved one from this company. It arrived in a timely fashion and was just as described. I&apos;m satisfied, and would purchase from this company again."	1
"Wanted a phone that would be easy to text with since I was new at texting.  I did not want to go through AT&amp;T and be forced to take the data plan.  I purchased this phone through Ebay and am very glad I did.  Great phone, great price and great service.  I even got a 2 year warranty.  Can&apos;t beat that.  The customer service is great as well."	1
"want to go cray ,buy this phone"	0
"Waiting for seller to respond to resolve. Phone stopped working, giving sim error messages. Cell phone repair co. Couldn't help as the couldn't figure out what was wrong. "	0
waited 3 weeks for the phone when my daughter got it this speakers were broke so how to send it back it cost me 25 dollars to return it they never reimbursed me the money like they said they would I felt like they gave me the runaround got another phone 2 weeks later works fine but they send it with no charge my daughter is just happy she got a phone back	0
Volume is bad can hardly hear anybody talk	0
Vino nuevo en su caja pero pense que estaba desbloquiado y fue un problema desbloquiarlo pero todo nitido el cel excelente vendedor 	1
very well thanks  	1
"Very very slow shipping. If didnt ask the seller to ship the item, I think the seller wouldnt ship it. Item arrived after 3 of payment."	0
"Very unsatisfactory, It may have been in good condition but unusable . After spending many hour on phone with Tracfone.  They were unable to activate it using my current number. The phone was a total waste of money not to mention our time wasted."	0
Very unpleased i was told something on the ad and purchased the device and recieved it with surprise defects that was not posted or informed by seller i recieved the device with non working speakers i live out of the country therefore every product is bought mailed to a usa address and crossed to mexico so therefore i expect to get what im am buying and since i cant just easly return and ship back there shouldnt be any errors but some sellers as i can see dont even know what they are selling or lie to their customers if it has bad speakers it should have been posted i would have never bought it now im paying more to have it fixed..	0
"very unhappy with the product, recieved it and it does not work. will not even power up, vwry disapointed."	0
"very unhappy with the product, recieved it and it does not work. will not even power up, vwry disapointed."	0
"very unhappy with the product, recieved it and it does not work. will not even power up, vwry disapointed."	0
very un user friendly..never liked it 	0
very solid phone! great performance & battery	1
"Very smart phone!!! The qualitative case. And model SUPER!!!!! And as phone is exclusive model and in crowd of people very strongly attracts attention! The chamber at level and perfectly does pictures, phone ergonomics at height!!"	1
"Very smart phone!!! The qualitative case. And model SUPER!!!!! And as phone is exclusive model and in crowd of people very strongly attracts attention! The chamber at level and perfectly does pictures, phone ergonomics at height!!"	1
"Very slow, minimal battery. Screen hard to navigate. Good for making calls and tough with texts. If you need something on for a short period of tikme, I would say the $ is worth it."	0
Very slow to ship the phone now I know why because the phone he said was working was not.  He sold me a phone that doesn't work yet he told me that every was good. I wouldn't by dog food from this guy. Now he trying to with hold money for broken stuff that he sent they guy is a theft  15 negative reviews going back to 2001	0
very slow sorry but this is rediculous   too long from newjersy did you order it from china to you then ship to me	0
"Very slow response, when makin  calls, and using data."	0
VERY SLOW NOT WORTH $25	0
Very slow and hard to configure to the carrier network.	0
Very slim not to big	1
Very satisfied....Works great...Very happy...	1
Very satisfied... great seller five stars all the way...)	1
very satisfied with phone.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................	1
Very satisfied with everything...thanks 	1
VERY SATISFIED 5*****	1
Very satified thanks	1
"Very responsive phone without the bloatware, lightweight and excellent holding form and texture. "	1
Very responsive and polite  Will definitely do business with again Just received my device was described perfectly so there was very upfront truthful and honest highly recommended again	1
"Very reasonably priced, very simple to use!!"	1
Very quick ship. Phone is exactly as described. My 12 year old loves it.	1
Very quick ship and as described... Thank you.	1
"Very quick on the delivery, smooth transaction. Love the phone "	1
Very quick and efficient shipping but the battery is extremely short. Not sure if this a phone defect 	0
Very powerfule device and lots of features.  Good quality.  Runs fast and response very quick.  Love it!	1
"Very poorly supported by 'CATPHONE' ""Tech Support""...even worse by VZW.  Grossly Overpriced for Value.  For Shame!!  "	0
"very poor reception. easy to use, great menus, great fees, great screen, but reception is absolutely horrible even in downtown metropolitan areas.  i don&apos;t understand it but i don&apos;t like this phone already and am purchasing a different phone only 1 week after i bought this one."	0
"Very poor quality. Battery compartment will not snap into place securely. You have to be a dog or Superman to hear the ring tone. Instruction booklet very vague. It tells you what things are, but not how to use the features.  Samsung should stick to making TV&apos;s and entertainment products."	0
Very poor quality and the battery not working  no Touch ID 	0
Very poor customer service.  Phone sent to old address even though forward was in place. Never received phone and seller would not replace or refund. Never order from this seller again. 	0
"Very poor condition iPhone 5S, a lot of scratches and dings, only the lcd screen looks clean."	0
Very pleased..come as described like brand new condition  A+	1
"Very pleased, speedy delivery, very good shape. My daughter is extremely happy"	1
"Very pleased, got it in a timely manner. I would buy frm him again! I would recomment him to my friends and would buy frm him again. The phone was just like he said it was and he sent me extras that he didn&apos;t list."	1
Very pleased with this phone.  It looks like brand new and it works perfectly.	1
very pleased with phone and fast shipping...thanks 	1
Very pleased with phone although LED screen went not long after purchase. Replaced it and back in business. It works for me and that's all that matters. 	1
Very pleased with my purchase. 	1
Very pleased with my new phone! It&apos;s a showstopper. I was going to purchase a tablet and now they seem irrelavent.	1
"Very pleased and perfect transaction. Couldnt ask for better, excellent communication and service. Thank you kindly. "	1
Very pleased again with the product. Exactly as described. Will definitely buy next phone from the seller. Great price and great condition 	1
very please with item many thanks very helpfull seller with lots of advice and future help offerd   item in as good as new condition aswell as warrenty for 11 mounths  all in all very good purchase.	1
"Very pissed off when I went to activate phone at metro pcs store, I cannot Bc phone is already activated and supposedly in use. Phone is useless and lost my money"	0
Very patient and a nice person with good communication 	1
"very old system and slow, goes crazy when opening sites ( youtube etc..)"	0
very old phone . very hard to get charger. i am not sure if i can blame seller for this but somehow i feel that i got gyped!	0
Very nice thank you. Fast shipping!! 	1
"Very nice stylish smartphone is aimed mainly at young people! Smartphone is perfect for vsem.Eto and easy screen smartphone with 3.8 &quot;! And great camera! And GPS navigation! Internal memory of his eight gigabayt.Vpolne enough for music and filmov.Operativnoy memory Mb.Otlichnoe-512-resolution screen with vysokoe.Kachestvo picture on the screen is very high. Great vibrant colors, good contrast."	1
Very nice so far.	1
Very Nice seller. real ebay seller.  good speed shipping seller and prompt talk and replaying .     Very Nice seller. real ebay seller.  good speed shipping seller and prompt talk and replaying .	1
Very nice recommendable 	1
"very nice phone. Great to work with. I like the style of a flip phone, but needed a work horse as well. this phone is all that, and more"	1
"very nice phone, quick shippingnice phone , quick shipping.. for the price i paid its worth it ..   thanks"	1
"Very nice phone with a amazing operating system. Good picture quality, screen quality. Overall positive experience using the phone. Very good battery life."	1
"Very nice phone to start. nice big screen, colorful and fast. Great quality camera and front cam too. No lag or errors typical with cheaper phones. Phone was flashed, have had nothing but a good experience with this phone, my friend loved his phone til he used mine and fell in love with it and now he hates his galaxy prevail :) bottom line: you can&apos;t go wrong with HTC, the seller did a wonderful job with the phone and you get what you pay for, enough said"	1
Very nice phone so far	1
Very nice phone for my needs. It is sturdy and easy to use with good reception. It holds a charge longer than my previous phone.	1
Very nice phone fits perfectly fine in my hand	1
very nice phone complete with all the phone also can not ask for more the only thing is the battery it does not last that long	1
Very nice phone at a great price.  I recommend this phone to anyone.  The camera on this phone is excellent.  	1
Very nice phone as described. I like it. Thanks eBay. 	1
Very nice phone all is very good except the battery could last longer.	1
Very nice looking phone. Color is nice blue. Good manly phone.. Fits in hand perfect. Love all the features. Excellent buy you WON'T be dissappointed!!!!	1
Very nice looking and offers good protection	1
very nice design. What i dislike is the fact that sometimes when i try to use the answer key to answer calls it doesnt work. Keypad is a mess. I am very dissatisfied with this phone.	0
Very nice cell phone at a very nice price.  Quality product and no problems.  Thanks	1
"very nice cel phone and in good shape, the description of the celphone could off go into more detail of the things that were coming along in the box.  very pleased doing business with humsafar though because he had a quick response and was very understanding when I had an issue paying for the phone."	1
Very nice case for the price. I would highly recommend this:)	1
"very nice and simple phone. Great display and easy to use. Quick internet and wifi access. Its more like a small laptop, you can easyli change display and icons there (shortcuts). Display resolution is very good for me. More languaes for this phone will be better, its the only drawback for n900, if you live in small country. But english will do everything if you know it."	1
Very nice and prompt Service. The phone was new as described.	1
very much like it	1
"Very much dissatisfied and frustrated by the deception from the seller, who obviously omitted to disclose before the sell that this product (phone) didn&apos;t have option for using with a SIM card. Now, I don&apos;t have any use for this phone but wasted the money!"	0
Very little or no signal.	0
"Very interesting phone, work perfectly. Good communication with seller. Recommend."	1
"VERY horrible buying experience!!!!!! I contacted this seller, TWICE, to inform them that I wanted to cancel my order but they didn&apos;t respond, only to have them ship the order a day later and charged me for it. I filed a fraud claim through Paypal against this seller, and will NEVER conduct business with them again!!!!!!!!"	0
Very happy with this item I've only had it going for a couple of days since I had to wait for my contract with AT&T to run out got straight talk for this phone yesterday that's why I didn't write a review yet so far everything is good great and I thought it was worth the money very good deal and was sent very fast wanted to leave feedback but they didn't have that option just write a review no feedback button to click on to anyway it's a very good phone and I'm happy with the seller	1
"Very happy with this cell phone.  Like the larger screen and it is all I needed in a cell phone.  The only thing I don't care for is that Google (for Android) is intrusive and the slow boot time with the Moto logo, etc.   Other than that the phone has decent battery life, with encryption, and just all the features you would want in a cell phone.  Glad I purchased this cell phone and the seller was great! "	1
very happy with the unit and the service	1
Very happy with the speed my phone came. The condition was right on the money. Communication was the best I've ever received on ebay. Will be doing business with you again. 	1
Very happy with the product and it's accessories. Seller took over a week to put it in the mail tho so postage took forever other than that very happy. 	1
Very happy with the device!	1
"Very happy with service and phone My only complaint is that the menu system on the phone makes you click four times before you can find someone in the address book, set an alarm, or perform a additional functions. Other phones I&apos;ve owned have simpler menus and get you to important features easily. Overall, I&apos;d recommend the phone if you&apos;re on a budget."	0
Very happy with saler	1
very happy with my SE. I have lots of room of the 128. I wish they still made these. I like how small they are and easy to use . 	1
Very happy with my purchase	1
Very happy with my phone....	1
Very happy with my phone and all that it came with.	1
Very happy with my new phone	1
"Very happy with my galaxy s7 edge, the colors are nice and poppy and has a great camera and great battery life."	1
very happy the best seller of ebay	1
"Very happy , thanks "	1
Very great phone & I love it	1
Very good. I love it!	1
Very good. 100% satisfaction. Although I can not change the phone language to Swedish. I think I did a very good buy. Fast shipping. A very good seller.	1
"Very good, pleasant transaction."	1
"Very good, pleasant transaction."	1
"Very good, as it was described, fast shipping, excellent seller!!!Very good, as it was described, fast shipping, excellent seller!!!Very good, as it was described, fast shipping, excellent seller!!!Very good, as it was described, fast shipping, excellent seller!!!Very good, as it was described, fast shipping, excellent seller!!!Very good, as it was described, fast shipping, excellent seller!!!Very good, as it was described, fast shipping, excellent seller!!!Very good, as it was described, fast shipping, excellent seller!!!Very good, as it was described, fast shipping, excellent seller!!!Very good, as it was described, fast shipping, excellent seller!!!Very good, as it was described, fast shipping, excellent seller!!!Very good, as it was described, fast shipping, excellent seller!!!Very good, as it was described, fast shipping, excellent seller!!!Very good, as it was described, fast shipping, excellent seller!!!Very good, as it was described, fast shipping, excellent seller!!!Very good, as it was described, fast shipping, excellent seller!!!Very good, as it was described, fast shipping, excellent seller!!!Very good, as it was described, fast shipping, excellent seller!!!Very good, as it was described, fast shipping, excellent seller!!!Very good, as it was described, fast shipping, excellent seller!!!Very good, as it was described, fast shipping, excellent seller!!!Very good, as it was described, fast shipping, excellent seller!!!Very good, as it was described, fast shipping, excellent seller!!!Very good, as it was described, fast shipping, excellent seller!!!"	1
"Very good value, looks good and very light Since I've been using the phone constantly the battery still last for 1 da; which is very good for a phone like the iPhone 6 plus. "	1
"Very good thing, so good music, screen...  I bought this product because i want to try apple things, and i pleasured of it.  I think its a good choice for people, who likes a quality technik"	1
Very good speed ad delivery. Perfect as described and new in the box.	1
Very good smartphone for this price 	1
"very good smartphone except the low battery life , in my case I have to recharge every every night which I hate. If I use it just to receive or make calls battery lasts more (3 days)"	0
very good smartphone	1
very good smart phone. you don&apos;t need to waste too much to buy a iphone or samsung. this is the very smart phone. bettery life is long.	1
"Very good service, timely well packed shipping, and the product works great.Product is very good. Light weight, excellent features."	1
very good service 	1
Very good seller...communication was A+++ will buy again 	1
Very good seller. As described item. Will buy more	1
Very good seller Thanks a lot!)	1
Very good seller and I like it	1
Very good seller . There were minor problems with the goods but the seller successfully settled them. I would recommend the product and seller	1
"very good seller , item description and shipping information accurate , questions answered accordingly  will do business again."	1
very good seller 	1
Very good seller	1
very good salesman I recommend it excellent cell phone	1
very good recommend	1
VERY GOOD RECOMENDED VHVONKVNOVGJGHJGGGHJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJ	1
Very good quality.  No problems activating with Verizon.  Happy with product as described!!!  Recommend to those entering the smart phone world.	1
"Very good quality, just as described by seller. Very pleased with this product."	1
"very good quality, it is lke new, nothing differents, the cost is worth it. this is my third purchase from this seller"	1
"Very good purchase and it was a great deal, very good phone "	1
"very good product, excellent, delivered on time. Good seller.  came all the items described correctly. Very good price! I recommend this seller who is very honest."	1
very good product!	1
Very good product recomend.	1
Very good product quality picture	1
"Very good product and good seller ,u can trust him and he us serious."	1
Very good product ... good price and beautiful qualities 	1
Very good product 	1
Very good product	1
Very good price.. product working well. will buy more from seller... Needed the product.. Love the new 6.0 update on the software.	1
Very good price. Fast shipping. Excellent services. We'll do business again.	1
"very good piece of hardware, very promising OS.ct conditions.  The phone itself is great. The build quality is good, and wp7.5 is a very promising os.  The user experience on wp7 is by far better than android or ios, alas as a new os it still needs some refinements.  The thing that bothered me the most was that the calendar application, which for me is one of the most crucial apps doesn&apos;t support multiple calendars on Google. Also the international support for zune and the app store is quite disappointing..  But besides that the hardware`s great and the phone looks and feels great."	1
"very good phone,easy to text,good price,very recommend for country&apos;s like Venezuela because the sign in the county ."	1
"Very good phone, has same technicals as iPhone 6S."	1
"very good phone, big screen, very good picture quality, sound is perfect, sell just because change provider and its not suported."	1
very good phone thanksssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss	1
"very good phone i really like this phone i think is the better from motorola.  i already have buy 3 or 4 ,  i lke it"	1
"Very good phone for traveling, works good in Central America "	1
Very good phone for the price. It's the 3rd ace style phone that I have had. Really like this phone.	1
Very good phone for the price. 	1
"Very good phone for low price - really excellent value for this price, Highly recommended."	1
very good phone for excellent price	1
Very good phone for all purposes needed	1
Very good phone and he answered all my questions 	1
Very good phone and delivery was fast and easy	1
very good phone ....	1
Very good phone . 	1
"very good phone ,very happy of the performance, great unit, great price.                            LTMOORE4710"	1
Very good phone 	1
Very good perfect 	1
very good not problem.similar 5stars.like+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++AAAAokk	1
Very good like new 	1
very good item good battery 	1
very good I like the product  A++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++	1
Very good Huawei - Google phone!  The signal is good and the LTE is stable.  Better than my last Samsung Galaxy S5 phone. 	1
Very good condition good service thank you eBay and seller. 	1
"very good condition fast shipping,thanks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"	1
Very good communication & awesome product!!!!	1
very good Cell Phone! very good Cell Phone!very good Cell Phone!very good Cell Phone!very good Cell Phone!very good Cell Phone!very good Cell Phone!very good Cell Phone!very good Cell Phone!very good Cell Phone!	1
very good cell phone only problem to battery	1
Very good cell phone 	1
very good and on time	1
very good and fast phone and all the apps did run smooth. will recommend to a lot of people.	1
"Very form fitting which makes it feel solid this making it a buy now. Also, my daughter loves the color."	1
"Very fast, great camera, nicely built and a great value."	1
Very fast shipping.  Product works as described.   Would purchase from seller again!!	1
"Very fast shipping, I received in 3 days , and love it thank you so much "	1
Very fast shipping!! Delivered in 2 days 	1
"VERY FAST SHIPPING!  The phone was in BETTER condition than I had anticipated!  I haven&apos;t tested it out yet, but I am sure it is unlocked.  Thanks for the great sell/buy!  :)"	1
Very fast shipping and product matches the description.  Excellent condition for a refurbished phone.  Quick response from the seller when I had a question.	1
Very fast shipping and arrival.. but when I called to try and activate it they told me it was reported stolen .. am very unhappy it was a xmas present ugh     	0
Very fast shipping A++++ seller 	1
"Very fast service. A excellent service and professional attitude. I love when I found the item that I need. When my postal service gave a package, I was so exicted about it, I knew it about my purchase on Ebay.  I always keep track on Ebay items, and always it is my first resource when I want to shop something."	1
Very fast service nice product will do business again...................................................................................	1
"very fast delevery, works good for now"	1
Very fast communication and fast shipping. 	1
very fast and reliable phone.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................	1
"VERY FAST .. 3Days early . Would recommend to anyone , description as said "	1
"Very expensive for this scrached phone, have a break screen, poor life battery..."	0
Very easy to use it give you both touch and a key board. I would recommend it to anyone for a first phone.	1
Very easy to setup &amp; use!  Loved it the moment I took it out the box!  I feel a little so so about the apps/marketplace....used to Android.  This is my first Windows phone!	1
Very easy to contact and replied my message really fast... The phone was really nice. I'll buy again! 	1
Very disappointing do not buy this phone. I bought it hoping to save money but it was not worth it I should have bought an expensive iPhone . The charger that came with was great but it broke within a few days	0
Very disappointed. Seller cancelled my purchase with convincing explanation.	0
"very disappointed, didn&apos;t come with any directions, had to pay another $30.00 to get it working, will think twice before I purchase from ebay again. Could have purchased a phone from the store for the same price with directions, and a warranty"	0
Very disappointed  took a month and a half to get product and when I get it not even the color was right one 	0
Very disappointed	0
Very customization & looks and feels very nice + AMAZING FEATURES	1
Very comprensive and friendly.	1
Very compact and small. Includes a 1.3megapixel camera and a MicroSD card slot. Pretty decent phone or would be a great replacement phone.	1
"very basic phone that does not support a bluetooth which is necessary in my case.  otherwise, great phone.  good seller, rapid delivery."	1
Very bad... about 60 days screen total blank.. Can not get it rebooted....Bad phone gave $55 for it. This is about a Dollar a day rent.....	0
"very bad, thiws cellphone does&apos;nt have battery also it was in very bad conditions. It does not work."	0
Very bad with network and battery doesn't stay for 1 hr.	0
very bad signal with this phone drops calls often-i have a cell phone store and is ok but not worth the customer complaints   stick to lg  or samsung flips they just dont sell good 	0
"very bad service, the description is different to how the device is, the phone does not work completely if you specify it, I do not buy it. be more serious."	0
"Very bad seller, the phone&apos;s are not new are repaired and user refurbished. I will not recommendet this to a friend"	0
"very bad seller, dosen't even reply to emails. Don't waste your time doing business with this seller  "	0
Very bad seller I won the auction paid him the money was waiting for the goods and he canceled the order.!!! 	0
"Very bad quality, i ordered v3 but i received v3i !!!"	0
"very bad phone does not work, I do not recommend the purchase of these phones very bad very bad very bad"	0
Very bad item & bad seller	0
VERY BAD FOR A SELLER cheat   PRODUCT sent is sent CLAIM IS  I will not NOT RECOMMEND THE SELLER  ME screw it damn it	0
"Very bad experience   Please ship us new and better phone   Once we receive it we will send you back the defective one  We are very unhappy with service  we got after paying the full  price ,  for the phone"	0
Very bad codicion	0
very bad cell phone  blocked by Google account. and the screen broken.  	0
Very bad battery life. this phone looks great but it is really really bad in battery.if you use the phone frequently the battery goes off within 2-3 hr. I strongly recommend that do not purchase this phone.!!!!!!!	0
Very baad seller dont buy from him 	0
Very amasing phone with perfect functions!I&apos;m very glad with this phone!And i will recommend this product to all my friends in future!	1
Very adaptable to mobile on the go.	1
very accurate with description and fast shipping! arrived only a few days later and in sturdy packaging!	1
Verry nice condition came really fast	1
Verry beautiful smartphone and he look new thank you 	1
"Verizon will not activate 3G phones like this any longer, even if you are replacing one with a like product.  It makes these phones ""Parts Only"" phones."	0
Verizon Factory locked .	0
"Verizon checked phone ID after sim card installed, before activating and confirmed this 'Brand New, Unused...' phone was previously activated and used. Watch these scammers on Ebay... verify with carrier these phones are truly new if you truly demand new as advertised! Seller easily accepted return knowing.   That bar code sticker seal was not on my box either as advertised in this webpage photo. That was the first 'FAIL' . Also missing was the S pen clips and extra tips. This is my second note 4 so I know what it comes with. Scratches in the battery compartment.   These sellers know it was used with the bar code sticker missing and missing accessories. More power to sellers with simpleton customers getting rid of them. Probably used and immediately returned to carriers and sold to 3rd party sellers on Ebay.   "	0
Verizon 4G LTE phones does not come with sim lock. This applied to the iPhone 5S Verizon version also. iOS is far superior to Android phone in terms of integrity and ease of use. The speed is even faster than 6 Plus.	1
Verifiquem o vendedor	0
venia rayado y con el slot del chip y la memoria destrozado en mil medasos y el vendedor no respondio!	0
Vendor would not activate it for pay as you go.  got credit for item and discarded per seller.	0
venditore orribile neanche mi ha risposto!!!! mi ha fatto litigare con mio marito!!!!!!	0
VENDEUR A EVITER	0
venden telefonos usados por que disen new y nolo es estafadores	0
Vendedor serio buena comunicación excelente producto 	1
Vendedor ofrece motorola x4 color azul sabiendo que el celular es de color negro. 	0
"vendedor muy honesto , asi da gusto comprar . "	1
vende buenos productos pero no se cual es el problema de vender hacia chile yaque ahora no emvia productos hasta esta parte del mundo espero pueda mejorar eso 	1
"Veio conforme o descrito, em perfeitas condições. O vendedor é muito gente fina e eu super recomendo!"	1
Varry bad seller poor quality all around the bord.buyer's  beware.idem didn't come as listed not in great shape scratches all over phone front and back.	0
Value. Love Nexus phones! Perfect size and features.	1
Value for money - will buy again from this seller.	1
"Using with a microsoft surface.  Not a very good, clear picture.  Very foggy and grainy.  "	0
Using this phone is very easy and useful it fits perfectly in my pocket and I&apos;ve dropped this phone so many times and it still works and the screen is still in tact even with dropping this phone I don&apos;t need to use a Bluetooth to talk on it because I have dropped it.	1
"USED, poorly refurbished, with all fake accessories. Bought as NEW. Can&apos;t get my money back. Fraud. Never again."	0
Used phone without original box and the original film on the display.	0
Used phone and not wiped clean.  Terrible pictures on it.  Can't be set up waste of money	0
"used cellphone came with no charger cord.  seller response was ""go buy one on ebay"" phone is already breaking and won't last long.  i know blackberry, a user since they began.  this junk phone is on its last legs, before will not be usable."	0
"Used as 2nd phone, easy to use with a lot of feature"	1
"US cellular has Black Listed this phone, as a Stolen, or Never purchased phone, will not recognize number in their system to allow the phone to work. You can't pay US cellular to activate the phone. I lost my Money on STOLEN merchandise. Too much hassel to send back, but still have phone and mailer it showed up it. It's a learning process."	0
"Ups.the battery is quickly discharged, the phone is most likely recovered."	0
"Upon inserting a Verizon sim card from my company phone, it alerted Verizon as a stolen product and they deactivated my Sim card rendering my phone useless!"	0
Upgraded hubs Apple SE 16GB TO THIS PHONE HE LOVES IT!	1
"Upgraded from a regular 6. Feels better, works better, new features. Upgrade to a 6s, worth it over the 7!"	1
"Unstable, poor quality workmanship, short battery life, big disappointment. Don't waste your time or money on this Alcatel phone or FreeomPop."	0
"Unreliable, short battery life, hard to find a replacement. "	0
unreliable &amp; too complicated---took it to 2 T mobil stores &amp; salesman couldn&apos;t get it to work-----to quote one of them----&quot;difficult technology to learn-----be patient&quot;	0
"Unopened, new product, great deal, highly recommend "	1
"Unit was locked and coulld not be used with my local carriers,  My misunderstanding. Xfinity  It is a beautiful phone with plenty of features."	0
"Unit was deactivated by the carrier (t-mobile) within 2 days of me transferring my sim into it, due to the previous owner's not paying their bill.  I was satisfied with the supplier since they did refund my money, although from a consumer standpoint, I also feel that I was deceived, in that my assumption on these phone re-seller's is such that I feel that the items offered for sale are actually valid units, unencumbered by past ownership issues.  IMHO of course.  Good luck with your purchase, and since they only offer your money back if contacted within a week, make sure that you test use the unit quickly."	0
Unique premium phone that is a pleasure to hold. Slim comfortable hold that is on the long side. 	1
"Unfortunately, I&apos;v got a not this stuff that I ordered. This one I received much bad and contains only 2 SIM instead of 3 I wanted. I feel my self like a fool. I am very upset and disillusion... ((("	0
"Unfortunately, I was unable to benefit from this product because it was sold to me as an &quot;unlocked&quot; phone and when I sent it to my daughter she was unable to use it due to the fact that it was locked."	0
"Unfortunately, I never received it.  The seller was very honest and cancelled the order because the camera lens was scratched"	0
Unfortunately they sent me the wrong cell phone.  However after a few emails and proving to them that I got the wrong item (they requested a photo) and taking the time to repack and return the wrong item I did get a full refund.  Luckily I no longer needed another LG Octane 530VN (Verizon).	0
Unfortunately there is no credibility in the description of books not locked but in fact locked	0
"Unfortunately the seller sends me this phone with a dead battery & the have not addressed the issue yet. It pains, we order something on eBay & are being cheated by the seller & now we have no control over it."	0
"Unfortunately the phone I have had purchased had some serious factory issues. Regardless that 30 days exchange policy was expired ( I went to my trip to Europe), the seller was agree to process refund. I will definitely recommend to buy from him.   "	1
Unfortunately the one I got Don't work... 	0
"Unfortunately I received a cellphone with broken screen and this basically made the cellphone not useful, the cellphone need a total screen replacement, this cost more than 200 usd, in the description they said B+ condition only signs of use, but not mentioned an useless product I will repair it but this was a scam and eBay support it."	0
"Unfortunately I lost my +size phone, but I was getting tired of hauling it around anyway. I had decided to go back to a small phone, looked around saw that I could buy this brand new SE with 32 gigs for $30. less than I could at my carrier store, which has 16 gigs. Fast delivery, perfect size, brand new, works great.  "	1
Unfortunately I didn&apos;t see that the seller does not send to Brazil. Sorry for the inconvenience.Sorry for the inconvenience caused by my purchase of this product. The seller and product are very good. Thank you.	1
"Unfortunate experience with a great old-tech not-smart phone because I did not understand that a Verizon ""No Contract"" phone is a ""pre-paid"" contract phone that cannot be used with my already established 2 year Verizon account.  Good phone for its purpose, which was to avoid Verizon smart phone monthly data charges, but it did not work for me and unfortunately, I got zero guidance from the vendor."	0
Unfair to rate this phone because the product that was sent to us only lasted 5 weeks and died.	0
"Unexpectedly the battery life is too short!!!!!!!!!    it is going off after only two days of standby, after a full charge!!!!"	0
une bande de vo;eur he some gang the stolen me 	0
"under the details tab you will see the model number is Accellorize 33110W. This is a hard scam. The seller is trying to trick you by portraying it as a mate 20 pro. You might not even be able to get your money back because technically he does list the product model number for you to see, be warned, this listing is a scam."	0
"Unacceptable: At least fifty messages back and forth with the seller and so far and ""Emily"" refuses to address the concern besides stating ""let me check"" ...Also not the first time this happened with a quick online search. Return of faulty products (to a foreign country) should be addressed by seller not the customer. Purchase here if you want a non-US seller and risk of defective product and if you are willing to pay up to $100 for shipping."	0
"Unacceptable: At least fifty messages back and forth with the seller and so far and ""Emily"" refuses to address the concern besides stating ""let me check"" ...Also not the first time this happened with a quick online search. Return of faulty products (to a foreign country) should be addressed by seller not the customer. Purchase here if you want a non-US seller and risk of defective product and if you are willing to pay up to $100 for shipping."	0
"UNABLE TO REVIEW THIS ITEM, SINCE I HAVEN&apos;T RECEIVED IT YET. FOR ONE THING SELLERS SELLING POLICY AND SHIPMENTS METHODS REALLY LOUSY.  WILL HAVE TO WAIT AND SEE THE ITEM, HOPE IT&apos;S NOT SIMILAR TO ABOVE.  SORRY, NEXT TIME."	0
Unable to review product as it has not arrived after more than three weeks. Hope it shows up soon.	0
unable to connect to my wi-fi home network	0
Unable to Activate! Basically useless 	0
"Una maravilla tecnológica .., estoy muy contento y agradecido por la calidad y rapidez  El CAT de otro mundo   Muchas gracias "	1
"Un teléfono español ensamblado en China, es excelente, lo compre para Chile y funciona impecable, pero no funciona para todas las compañías de teléfono, solo para Movistar y Entel en la red 4G, cualquier otro chip de otra compañía debe configurarse en 2G y podrá funcionar sin ningún problema,es un teléfono de gama alta con precios asombrosos, tiene carga rápida, corre todo los juegos que quieras y ademas tiene sistema de huella dactilar para desbloquear el celular."	1
"un exelente telefono... Lo recomiendo 3.5G, wifi, GPS de todo... Es como una computadora... Le pondria una pantalla mas grande y de mas resolucion, al ser un telefono de la serie E es un telefono empresarial y es dificil conseguir juegos y temas mas que todo para este resolucion de pantalla, en el area multimedia le mejoraria la calidad de sonido del altavoz y mas que todo el volumen, es realmente bajo... Pero si reproduce todo tipo de video y audio.    Una cosa que es lo unico que realmente no  me gusto es que no encuentro como enviar un mms solo de texto, hay que adjuntarle algo para que se transforme automaticamente y al responde un mms tampo se selecciona autometucamente en mms. Eso deberia mejorarlo, que en mi antiguo E50 se podia hacer     Como todo telefono tienes sus cosas, pero en general a la final resulta un exelente telefono inteligente y me encanta."	1
Un celular en excelente estado 	1
ughhhh she kept the main problem with the phone at the last paragraph of the item!!!!!  And she never stated in the title of the item  LOCKED CARRIER!!!!  WHAT A WONDERFUL BOTTOM FEDER OF A SELLER TO TRICK PEOPLE BY NOT SAYING WHAT'S WRONG WITH THE ITEM FROM THE BEGINNING 	0
two thousand dollars for a used smartphone? Why even? 	0
"Two things. First, I bought this device as a brand new. When I opened it for the first time, it looks like opened before and the setup already done on it. Second, I guess there is no more new generation from lg g pro 2. So all the devices are refurbished. And the seller buy it as a brand new. I received this phone with big defect, the screen keeps shaking whenever I receive a call or I make a call."	0
two previous I bough gt 3600i that go with chinese language version. then I bough this black gt 3600i has no chinese at all. why same modle but deference with out let customer aware of it. this phone is for my senior family member use.  I ask for exchange or refund with out dealer responds.	0
Tutto ok spedizione veloce ed un ringraziamento speciale per i gagdet... Mia figlia ringrazia. Thank you for all. 	1
Turns on then right back off! Has to be the battery. Not happy.	0
"Turns on and off on its own without stopping unless the battery is removed, the automatic brightness doesn't work, and I didn't know it wasn't compatible with verizon"	0
Turns off by itself	0
Turns off after every 5 minutes of use. Very temperamental about when it turns on again. Totally unreliable. Got a new LG smartphone for $60 the next day. 	0
"Try to remember this phone is not an s8, if your running a business all day from your phone, them this Luna is not for you. It's slower, dimmer, runs hotter,ECT. But, if you use this phone for your basic everyday needs like, quick internet look ups,maps,emails and texts. You're good to go. Works good, battery good, use in conjunction with SD card and swapper app memory is good enough to get the apps you want. For the money it's a Samsung and works."	1
"TRY TO CHARGE IT, BUT DOES NOT WORK NITHER HOLD ON AND CHARGED."	0
"Trusted Seller, very nice!  Have bought several and they work fine.  Will buy again in the future.  Have a nice day and see you later"	1
"True to the word,come on come on let's work together, yeah they rock.   "	1
Tried to screw me and I caught it !!!! Look at screenshot 	0
Tried to purchase but seller has errors.	0
"Tried to cx order minutes after placed and was rejected.  Received item, tried returning and seller will not respond. "	0
Tried to activate this same phone received new in sealed original package but it was not scanned at the register. This means it was not purchased from the store but stolen. Dispute opened for refund.. Other wise the LG 82VL  Straight Talk is a great phone have another that I use daily	0
"Tried to activate this phone and Verizon indicated it was reported stolen. Now, I have no phone. "	0
Tried to activate it was told by network it couldn't be activated 	0
tres mauvais car j&apos;ai payée un téléphone portable dépuis trois mois par paypal et jusqu&apos;alors je n&apos;ai rien reçu.	0
"tras usado muy poca memoria  y demasiado poco ram  512,modelo muy biejomi hijo puso la oferta y no se percato, que nesita mucho mas gracias y perdonen los inconbenientes."	0
"Transitioned from my trusty LG G stylo and it took a while to get used to the narrower but sharper display (aspect ratio). The easy one-handed operation is very welcome and the cameras are awesome with one touch wide-angled coverage means you don't have to  keep moving back to include all of your subject in one shot. I am neither a novice photographer, nor an expert one but I feel empowered to be able to compose my pictures fully manually or just take a hurried snapshot in the auto mode. As a phone my G stylo was adequate but it was the camera that prompted me to buy the G6 and I am not disappointed in any way. Everything about the phone I like but I miss the replacable battery of my G stylo. I guess that has to be sacrificed for the waterproofing feature of this on one. I hope the battery lasts a long time and does not need a replacement soon which would mean seeking professional help. I do not plan to test the water resistance of the phone but it's good to know that it is there. This is a premium phone at not so premium price anymore. I like it and am sure you will too."	1
Traction will no longer activate this phone. I had to return it.	0
"tracking numbers wrong seller has not lived up to shipping as promised,NEVER AGAIN I WOULD ORDER ANYTHING."	0
"Tracfone would not transfer  service time and minutes if i wanted to transfer my phone number.i would have to keep the new number that came with phone to keep the one year service and 800 minutes. i had the same phone before ,but screen broke.new phone must have something different , cause i have NO service  most of the time . looking for another phone!!!!!"	0
Tracfone says that phone was not scanned   No One Can Activate this phone. Seller  didnt scan the bar code	0
"Tracfone discontinued  NOKIA 1221.  Nokia 1221 Tracfone  is of no use as a normal cellphone, Tracfone will not activate, reactivate Nokia 1221.  MIGHT be useable for 911  but I wouldn&apos;t bet my life on it."	0
"tough phone Tell us about this product and share your opinion with others. This is your review of the product and not a review of any seller that might have sold you this product. If you need more information, see our writing guidelines."	1
"Touch screen is buggy.  When playing clash of clans, it is hard to click on specific items to activate/toggle them.  The 8GB NON-expandable memory is an absolute joke!  Seriously Samsung??  You couldn't spend an extra like 2 bucks and do 16 GB instead?  Great that you can remove the battery but bad that you have no storage and can't expand it."	0
Touch screen failed completely in about 10 days!	0
Touch reagiert nicht mehr........................................................................................................	0
Touch and battery issues	0
Totally ruined my daughters birthday and lied in a reply comment saying he would make it right to save his own butt to make himself look honest! Also when I messaged him back after he responded what do you want me to do to make it right I responded INSTEAD OF SENDING ME ANOTHER PHONE ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS SEND ME A FULLY FUNCTIONAL DEFECTIVE SCREEN WITH 2-3 BLACK SPOTS ON IT FOR A GALAXY NOTE 5 AND HE NEVER REPLIED!ALSO had EBay block my feedback to silence me so I used this route to warn anyone else that he isnt honest and can be trusted because the phone supposedly was fully tested however he didnt list is the bad home button! With that being said this guy has no real test equipment or fully checks what he says!	0
"Totally happy with the product. Phone is in great condition and the plus side, it's unlocked, non branded and very little bloat ware."	1
"Totally as described, arrived earlier than expected. The phone was in excellent condition. We have only had it for a couple of weeks but not one single complaint so far !"	1
Totally AMAZED that this  cell was exactly what I had hoped for. It came quickly and with all of the original accessories. Cell was in new condition with plastic still on the phone itself. Just placed my old Verizon sims card in and I had my service back. Perfect!  Best cell phone I have ever owned.	1
"Totally a great phone ,I came from a old s4 an wow. Thanks this is great, so many new an improved "	1
"Total spam. Seller sells same product with multiple fake IDs. Look carefully, the listed item is not a genuine product. "	0
Top notch phone that rivals the best Samsung and iPhone phones.	1
"Took the unlocked phone to a authorized Sprint store to activate.  When sales agent entered ID # off the phone, the phone could not be activated because this phone was NEVER (originally) purchased legally.  Sprint activation could not be completed until the phone was purchased at full retail price. The manager said that this phone did come from a Sprint store, at some time, however, it was never paid for.  In otherwords, stolen.  "	0
Took over 4 hrs to set up though verizon due to phone issues and then the battery only lasts 2 hrs each charge. 	0
"took order, took money, never responded, never delivered item. Had to reverse charge AMEX. When buying use a credit card for some recourse.    DO NOT BUY HERE!!!"	0
"took order, took money, never responded, never delivered item. Had to reverse charge AMEX. When buying use a credit card for some recourse.    DO NOT BUY HERE!!!"	0
"Took it to US Cellular to activate- they told me it could not be used on their system, other phone appears very nice, I just can't use it with the carrier I have"	0
"Took it 2 AT&T and they tried hours to get to work 4 my blind mother, but never would get a signal, not compatible with AT&T!!! And wasted my money!!!!!"	0
Took a little bit to do the review. It was a giy. Phone is great 	1
Too small. And dont  like	0
too small and too many steps to get to phone options. very slow functions	0
"Too slow, can't download a lot of programs. Not happy with it.  "	0
too old and i didn&apos;t get a charger and bought one charger and the phone was broken i could&apos;nt charged it.	0
too old and i didn&apos;t get a charger and bought one charger and the phone was broken i could&apos;nt charged it.	0
"Too much external scratches. short lasting batteries, Value is way too high comparing to other android phone."	0
"Too expensive. Go to OnePlus website and purchase there for less money, full factory warranty and faster shipping."	0
Too bad the idiots that ran Blackberry had their heads where the sun don't shine and didn't see the market changing years ago.  This is a killer phone. If they had ... well they didn't.  Too bad.  Good phone.	1
"Todos los Teléfonos  están dañado y no funcionan, yo necesito que me devuelvan mi dinero inmediatamente, esto ha sido una estafa y lo demandare sino me devuelven mi dinero.  Los Teléfonos no encienden, no carga la batería, y uno de Ellos tiene el pin de carga dañado.    "	0
"Todo muy bien, el vendedor hizo llegar mi pedido en 10 días, todo muy muy bien, recomiendo."	1
Todo fue justo como decía la descripción gracias.  	1
Todo está bien y en excelente condición ahora activarlo en la compañía t-mobile 	1
Todo está bien  	0
todavia no ah llegado y presenta que sii	0
To summarize I feel Ihave been cheated but I do not know how. First: the device is too expensive in my country it is only 300 $ AD while I paid 588 $AD. I sent my opinion to the seller waiting for thier response but in vain. I am very much regretting uying any item online.  The problem If I returned it back I will lose110 AD plus shipment fees twice costs. I advice everyone not to buy anything from China Hong Kong. Still Ican not exlude ebay from my dissatisfaction as I bought the item putting my trust in them The device is not original. It is a fake	0
"To start with, most e bayers are good honest people, but like with most on line deals, it is buyer beware. I have 4 CDM8900 Verizon phnes, all in dif. stages of there usefull life and wanted a back-up tat worked as it did when new. I have 4 good batteries from my other phones, so I purchased thephone from a power seller, at a very fair price only to recieve a totally dif. phone than the one I had bid on. The seller stated that she had upgraded the phone I got because she was out of stock on the one I had won. Funny, sense she had 10 other auctions going for the same CDM8900 phone. The dif. was the starting price for the 10, were all higher than what I paid for mine. I disputed the payment, thru pay-pal, and e mailed the seller a few times and she did refund my money, and let me keep the phone she sent and admitted that it was not as good of phone I had won. The whole process took just over a month and a lot of headaches, so use caution when buying anything on line unless it is cheep, and doesn&apos;t have to work to have value, and don&apos;t be suprized if it is not as advertized."	0
To old of android version not much memory at all 	0
"to old cell phone. verizon would not aiiow it,because it had no GPS. threw it   away. total waist of money and time."	0
To now I have not received the product was close the case and I still am not able to receive the device.   Seller uncooperative in the search for the problem of shipping	0
"To me it's a toss-up between the and the M7. I did encounter the 5G WiFi connectivity problem with the Mini 2, but I can get by just fine with 2.4 GHz WiFi."	1
To expensive for a sprint and don't trust  	0
To be honest I wish I could get my money back this phone never worked at all I had to buy another phone it wasn't brand new it was used the box was opened	0
To be able to find probably the best cell phone ever made brand new in the origanal box unopened at agreat price made my day thanks e-bay	1
To anyone looking to get a phone with all the first generation features I would reccomend this one. I actually use for my business line direct here at my shop and it works great. The only down sides to it is changing the ring tones you need a USB cable and a program to do it. The Text messaging is kind complicated. Other then that great phone has alot of bells and whistles!	1
"To any one out there wanting a touch screen phone and does not want to pay the Fruity price,this is the phone for you.I bought mine and I love it .this is the most responsive touch screen I have ever had comparable to my iPod touch.I Love the phone and would recomend it to any one.The shipping was fast aswell no waiting 2 weeks I got mine in 5 days.The newer slim line sides of the phone make sure that it is not given away as a Sciphone.I would go on and on. But check out this phone I am buying one for my Best friend .One more thing there are alot of extras in the phone already installed."	1
Title says it all. Happy with purchase	1
Title says it all	0
"Time and date Place Message Sunday, Feb 10, 2019 12:00 AM N/A In Transit to Next Facility Wednesday, Feb 6, 2019 2:55 AM OPA LOCKA FL DISTRIBUTION CENTER Departed USPS Regional Origin Facility Wednesday, Feb 6, 2019 2:54 AM OPA LOCKA FL DISTRIBUTION CENTER Arrived at USPS Regional Origin Facility Wednesday, Feb 6, 2019 1:39 AM HIALEAH , FL Accepted at USPS Origin Facility "	0
Tiene una línea rosa en la pantalla. Me gustaría  repararlo. 	0
Tiene una falla y un producto nuevo debería estar intacto y tiene una r Linea en la pantalla 	0
Thought thie was a different version of the V3.  How wrong Iwas. it is much better even the battery lasts longer than in the V3.  Only thing i found annoying is pre loaded Quick notes  There are 10 and you cannot remove them only add to them  Apart from that a great phone which has all you need if not interested in downloading apps	1
"Thought I was buying a new one, did not read the "" fine print"" used  Seller said it was parts only did not ever see that in the description   Could not send it back because the packing slip got thrown out  by accident and is required  Cant activate the phone since the original owner never  activated  it  Will not buy on ebay ever again"	0
"Though used the condition of the phone was excellent, I keep finding better uses, tools and apps for the phone. My kids like it better than their I phones (3G)"	1
This worked fine for about three weeks than I started having problems such as can not connect to the Internet or wifi than the phone starts to overheat when charging and does not stay charge for long	0
"This was/is the hottest phone on the market and next to impossible to find so I went looking on ebay!! When you spend close to $500 on a phone, or any product for that matter, it can be scarey not knowing if youre going to get what you expect. I could not be happier with my EVO, the description was perfect, it was new right outta the box and have had ZERO problems with it!!"	1
"this was too heavy for me to manage so I have returned it, waiting to hear from seller"	0
"This was to replace my original phone, from years years ago.  And this one works like a charm.  No camera or anything, but I don&apos;t need that stuff.  Its just a phone."	1
"this was to be a brand new phone, when i got it, it wouldn&apos;t turn on at all , now the seller says i damaged it and that is what is wrong with it. all i want is a refund, no hassle as i contacted him as soon as i got the  phone"	0
"This was the worst purchase that I made on Ebay...The phone was so slow. You couldn't hear or people couldn't hear you, the sound would just go out.  It would dial on it's own.  I shouldn't have to take the time out of my day to send this phone back to get my money back...I took the phone to T-Mobile and they agreed ""it's cute"" but it was a piece of crap.  I have never had a problem with a phone being  sooooooo slow.  I had to purchase a new phone after one week. And I am not paying shipping to send this phone back because I not sure if I'm going to get my money back.  I don't trust this company and I'm not willing to take the risk."	0
"This was the worst purchase I ever made through EBay. And finally my last! Done with this company! The seller sent this phone to a working address. Never put my hands on it. The seller was unresponsive after several emails. Ebay didnt trust me after several evidences, including a USPS gps tracking with the right address where this iPhone was delivered. Honestly, Ebay should add on it police a line about respect, for the main reason Im done with it is because I was treated like a trash. Sellers like this should be banned immediately as well, for their lack of responsibility. "	0
This was the worst experience I have ever had with Ebay.  The item was not as it was described and I was not able to pay by paypal because the person selling the item did not have the account set up. Then I had to send the payment via Western Union before he would ship the item and when I got it it was damaged and not what I had been told I was purchasing.  When I went to get my money back he told me to send the item back and he was sending out a reimbursement the same day.  I did not send the item because I was afraid he would stiff me and I was correct.  Then I contacted Ebay about getting my money back and I still have not received any communication or reimbursement for the item.  Worst experience ever.	0
This was the cheapest looking and feeling phone i have ever seen! It was made years ago and still said cingular on it! It is terrible! It wasnt even worth the money to send it back so i just ate what i paid for it and threw it away!	0
This was the best purchase Ive made yet. My IPhone XR has absolutely no signs of being used. I will definitely make more purchases in the future 	1
"This was supposed to have been an iphone 4S, but we can&apos;t access Siri. What&apos;s up with that? Why&apos;d you sell it as a 4S if no Siri?"	0
"This was supposed to be an unlocked GSM iphone, compatible with any network. Shame on me for not thoroughly testing prior to my trip. First day in Amsterdam, I discovered there was a crack in the camera lens, allowing condensation to fog all of the photos. Arrived in Kenya and purchased a local SIM card. Installed it and was prompted for a PIN, which of course I did not have. So I ended up purchasing a cheap phone from the local carrier. Upon my return to the States, I contacted ATT to get the phone unlocked. ATT says it is now unlocked, but it still won't respond to a SIM card from an independent carrier. At least it was only a $50 mistake."	0
This was supposed to be a Galaxy S7 Edge oh no it really was a galaxy S7	0
"This was sold as a new phone but I have my doubts.  It came in a box with no charger, earphones or manual.  The battery dies very easily.  Every few hours the phone needs to charge."	0
This was scam and my ebay and paypal accounts were hacked!!! I did not receive a phone!!!	0
this was represented as a new telephone in the package.  I can guarantee to you that it is a two year old previously sold and registered telephone that cost me 3 hours on two days trying to get it straightened out with Tracfone.  I can't return it as I had to load days and minutes of talk time to finally get it activated.  these should be labeled as used and will need some effort to get them working. 	0
This was purchased for a friend who was leaving to Ecuador. She says it works just fine and loves her phone.	1
This was one of the worst phones I have ever owned! Phone was constantly freezing and turning off for No reason. Phone would turn itself off in middle of calls or while texting. VERY UNSATISFIED!!!!!! 	0
"This was one of the best purchases I have made so far.  This cell phone was a used Samsung Transform and when I open the box, it was boxed well, it looked like a new phone  and it worked excellent.   I had no problem whatsoever.  A very good experienced and it arrived quickly.  there are  no complaints her."	1
This was one if not the worst experience I have had with online shopping. The phone didn't work battery died in couple hours and it's took around 2 months to get a replacement just a bad experience 	0
This was not what I was looking for so they returned my money immediately and I was just in awe of them. Will use this seller again so honest!	1
THIS WAS NOT PURCHASE. IT WAS A SCAM. LISTING WAS PULLED BY EBAY. SELLER NEVER CONTACTED ME OR SHIPPED ITEM. HAD TO FILE THROUGH PAYPAL TO GET MY MONEY BACK.    BEWARE.	0
This was not a boost mobile phone it was a sprint which couldnt b switched so I waisted my money for nothin never spend here  	0
"This was not a ""Bluegrass Cellular"" instrument as it was marketed to be.  It will not work on the Bluegrass network."	0
"This was my first Windows phone.  I liked it so much, I bought a Windows 8.1 phone and gave this one to a friend."	1
"This was my first smartphone, i have only had the phone a week and the memory is almost full, also i am having to charge the phone at night and at least once during the day. it is however very user friendly and not too big. if i had it to do again and know what i know now i would not have purchased this phone for myself. it may be a good first smartphone for a child."	0
"This was my first smartphone and I was excited to get it back so I can show future generations the road traveled to today's technology.  The only problem is you have to either root the phone or get a t-mobile sim to get past the registration screen.  Otherwise, the phone is very basic and small."	1
"This was my first purchase of a major tech device on ebay. I was weary based on stories I've heard, but went ahead with the purchase based on the sellers positive ratings. The phone arrived exactly as described: 100% factory brand-new with all cellophane protective coverings attached, and more importantly, a clean IMEI. I upgraded from a ZTE Zmax Pro and am blown away by the processor speed, pixel density (clear, visible screen outside in natural Florida sunlight), and multitasking capabilities (4gb ram). I would absolutely recommend this phone as well as the seller, thewhizcellsllc."	1
This was my first purchase ever on ebay where the seller responded quickly to a few small issues and resolved them immediately every time . Will definitely purchase from this seller again ! The product itself is of great quality and works perfectly 	1
"This was my first cell phone, and I&apos;d keep it forever if we hadn&apos;t moved to a remote location between towers. Easy to use, understand, hear clearly on, and has all features you could want in a cell. I bought it for the size, good color screen, price &amp; ease of setting it up the way you want it ( IM, text msg., WAP, etc.) Highly recommend it all around."	1
"This was my # 3 it was nice after I will try the #4, but actually is the best.  the only thing the phone need is take care of the screen is very expensive.  the port of charge on this phone is good"	1
This was in excellent condition like new. Everything works great. Charger is a low amp slow charger. Not the Google fast charger. Love the adapter's it comes with. Easy to transfer all files from old phone using cord and built in software.  Very happy after two weeks of use.	1
"This was great! Came with a case and screen protector, all accessories as described. Was new, as described. Powered up and worked for me right away. The little guide that came with it was helpful in setting up my phone. I am a happy camper."	1
This was exactly what it said it was and that is really all we ask for in the end but unfortunately too often not the case.  I was really satisfied with the product and its condition etc.	1
This was exactly as advertised perfect. I will be buying from this buyer again	1
"This was by far the worse purchase I made on ebay. On the description, it said that my product would be fully functional and in great condition, but when I received it it never worked. The description also said that I was able to return the product, but the tender refused to refund my money. STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS MERCHANT BECAUSE IT MAY BE A SCAM!"	0
THIS WAS AN EXCELLENT TRANSACTION AND A GREAT PHONE. IT CAME WITH MANY ACCESSORIES AND THE PHONE WORKS GREAT NO ISSUES. IT WAS UNLOCKED SO WE CAN USED ANY PREPAID CARRIER. OVER ALL VERY SATISFIED CUSTOMER	1
"This was an excellent deal, I am very satisfied with the product. Iphones are the best! The item was shipped very quickly! Thank you seller, thank you ebay!"	1
This was an AWSOME PURCHASE!! Just as described and works perfectly! I highly recommend this seller&apos;s products!	1
"This was an AWFUL buying experience.. theoretically it would SAVE time and money, however after HOURS of haggling with net10 trying to activate this phone they pretty much accused me of stealing phone cause i dont have reciept from WALMART(only). I believe seller was NOT INTENDING TO SCAM/CHEAT AND EVENTUALLY IMMEDIATE FULL REFUND UPON REQUEST .He acknowledged a screw-up on his part and was extremely apologetic, although even disregarding activation issues i was not pleased with having paid EXTRA EXPEDITED SHIPPING and seller made no attempt to  comply. OVERALL FORGIVEABLE ,though HIGHLY contrary to my aims of wanting to make a quick and simple phone switch."	0
This was advertised as 3G but it will not connect to AT&T 3G 	0
"This was a wonderful buy from a reliable seller. Item as described and in great condition. Battery is in great working condition. Ad stated it will come with a generic charger and cable, but instead came with a OEM Samsung quick charger and a cable, both brand new. Item was packaged well and shipped out quickly, I received the phone two days earlier than expected. Also I can't promise that they will all be this way but mine was still on the 10t firmware, and for those that know what I'm talking about that means my device is rootable which is a big plus for me. I would recommend this seller and this phone to anyone."	1
This was a waste of money because it was locked to somebodys apple id and he did not do you anything about it when I asked for refund or help 	0
This was a very good phone for the money. I bought it for one of my employees &amp; all they need is a basic phone. This phone suited our purposes and was a great value.	1
This was a US   the seller said it would work on Verizon. Had 6  Verizon Techs who could not get phone to function on Verizon. Was able to trade it in to Verizon on a Samsung s9 but at a loss. Beware of sellers.	0
"This was a total flop of a buy. please your better of spending your money else where. So slow, touch response poor. It was just not worth the time and return shipping cost! Stay away!!"	0
"This was a terrible phone. As soon as we got it and charged it, it lost its charge. It won't ever keep a charge, not even for a minute. "	0
"This was a SCAM. The seller sent me a phone that was factory locked by t-Mobil. I took the phone to the Verizon store and contacted Apple and they were not able to unlock it, but they did tell me that there was no way that the previous owner would not have known that it was locked.   I contacted the seller to request a refund, explaining that the phone was locked, and he refused to issue a refund. His response was basically no. it is unlocked.   Im now having to go through PayPal to get my money back.   Do NOT buy from this seller. He is a CON ARTIST.  "	0
"This was a present, the phone was delivered as promise"	1
"This was a perfect phone. Had to work today with Sprint but well worth the money. Sprint issue not the phone but once online dammmmmmm it was great, you are on my favorite list."	1
"This was a mistake, the phone doesnt pass the ""logo part"" its in like a infinite loop and DOESNT TURN ON"	0
"This was a great transaction.  The top of the line Net 10 phone was an excellent value.  I&apos;ve been using the Net 10 service for several years and am extremely satisfied.  The opportunity to upgrade to their best phone was just too good to pass up -- phone was free and the minutes came out to 4.5 cents apiece.  The phone is in excellent condition and I&apos;m enjoying the many features -- MP3 player, camera, etc., etc."	1
This was a great purchase..Thank u for the quality of the phone	1
"This was a great phone for a month,however, it was block listed (reported lost or stolen) and now the phone is completely useless. Dont buy your phone from this seller!!!!"	0
This was a great deal	1
"This was a great condition Note 9. No marks or signs of use. I was not sure what to expect, but I was impressed. I would highly recommend buying from this seller."	1
This was a great buy and works great.	1
This was a good phone. But my fist phone I bought thru ebay sucks. The reason I even bought this phone was because yhe first one didnt work .I sent it back by regular mail an the postage recipe two monrhs ago an havnt been reimbursed yet	0
"This was a good deal on the phone as we did end up saving money, however, the phone didn't work when we tried to set it up with Great Call and they ended up having to send us another one. The phone did arrive when it was supposed to and it had everything for it in the box except that the instruction book was for the smart phone but that didn't really matter as we ended up getting the correct instruction book in the replacement phone we got from Great Call."	0
This was a good deal and worked like a charm.	1
THIS WAS A GIFT FOR A FRIEND. SHE IS VERY HAPPY WITH THIS PHONE. WAS VERY EXCITED TO GET. ALREADY REFERRED A FRIEND OF HERS TO THE SELLER. THANK YOU FOR THE QUALITY AND FAST SHIPPING.	1
"This was a gift for a friend, and he loves it! He had an old cheap phone, and this is like going from a bicycle to a rocket ship. He is absolutely thrilled with his new phone."	1
This was a gift and the receiver loves it. the product was delivered on time and came in perfect condition. I will  recommend this product to my friends.	1
This was a galaxy mega spark that was reported stole	0
THIS WAS A FRAUD!! I need my money back IMMEDIATELY!! All the parts were China made parts put together as a phone !!! If you dont respond to me I will take it to court. 	0
This was a brand new phone.The phone did not work when Verizon put the sim card into the phone and tried to activate the phone. Verizon tried 3 sim cards and one card did get a signal for a short time and then it would not get a signal. 	0
"this vendor lie to me,  they ofer a cell phone  unlocked  and i take this onen to my family in mexico and the phone is lock to veraizon and we can use it is  really frustation...  dont have this vendor info no more.. i have buy other cell phones and never have a problem... dont know what to do  ebay allwas helpe me and that the reason i keep buying from you"	0
"This unlocked version galaxy s7 and s7 edge g930u and g935u can NOT be activated on sprint network. When I try to return to the local store, bestbuy local store refused to accept them, saying that I have to ship it to the online store. The receipt clearly prints that I can return it to any local store. But that is a lie.  Op top of paying the shipping, there is 35 restocking fee no matter what if you return a cellphone.  Avoid best buy cellphone at any cost. It is a worst buy."	0
"This unit was pretty to look at, polished, unblemished and delivered safely packed, on schedule  This Unit needed to receive and transmit AT&T 3G signals. It could not do that. We tried to set it up at our local AT&T Franchise store.  Without the ability to operate in a 3G environment it serves no useful purpose.  The price of failure is low so I will buy another in hope of getting an operating unit. This unit was manufactured in 2007 and is the only unit that forces AT&T to deliver Communication to our location."	0
This unit is defective. the tech at Verizon worked two hours and couldn't activate it. I have purchased another today and would like my money back on this unit	0
This unit did not charge right out of the box finally got it going after wiggling the plug enough long story short sent it in 4 times for the same problem. Never did get fixed. the fort time they said they couldn't find anything wrong with it it arrived dead and they would not take a charge. They said any further repairs I would have to pay for it cuz it is now out of warranty.	0
This unable to activate phone with my verizon carrier.  Verizon does not recognized this phone system to activate it.  Phone is useless if unable to activate. Unable to answer any of the above questions.   	0
"this trickster when he describes the cell phone does not give you the full details, when you receive the cellphone oh surprise has no signal with the company that I want to use it because it is not unlocked and tells you that it does not accept returns. be very careful when buying this trickster"	0
"This transaction was very very good.  The seller sent out my phone the next day, I received it in great condition.  This was probably the best transaction I ever had, would purchase again from this seller without hesitation."	1
This transaction started out great. It turned sour when i received the phone and found out that the phone was locked. I immediately contacted the seller who told me he didnt know what was going on. I then asked him for a full refund and i never heard from him since. I would not do business with this person again. All buyers should be aware of this person. What a scam	0
This thing sucks got it thinking I was going to have a backup but I tried turning it on and it didnt tried charging it didnt work dont buy it at all	0
"This thing is legit, traded my iPhone X for it and my life has greatly improved"	1
This thing has outstanding battery life and a fantastic camera. This has the best fingerprint sensor I have ever used and this is the best mid-range phone I have ever used. 	1
This thing come's with no sim card so it cant connect to any network and when you install a straighttalk sim it still wont activate. The battery was warped so I doubt it will last long in the old phone I had to reuse because this one wont work. I feel ripped off!	0
"This the 3rd attempt tohave an answer  ""Since you don't answer I'd like to have the phone I paid for That one you send is completely dead (under charge since received but still nothing DEAD) As you can see on the attached photos I take, as always I do, the stiker on the back is turned upside down and looking the corners was clearly removed (from the original phone?)"	0
This tablet is bad .After charging when you turn it on you could watch battery indicator going down.Gps not working if you dont have internet.I bought sim card from Tmobil but it is not compatible.You cant use it as phone and data dont work .I would not recomend it .	0
"This tablet have too many problems I don't know where to begin first of all you get what you pay for I'm going to run down some of the list ok here we go the battery,the pictures,the internet,the call drop in the middle of a conversation,the tablet freezes up without a warning like I said it's just a few I can run down to you"	0
This store here in Ebay are liers.Horrible costumer service.	0
"This smartphone is okay and serviceable for the price. However, the memory is HORRIBLE as you can only download so many apps before the &quot;low space&quot; message appears."	0
-This smartphone have a lot of good features  -great design and size  -very good price  ----------------------------	1
This shit is as$ af. This a bop! This a chinese phone bit	0
This seller will sell you a phone and than report it stolen  He will scam you for your money  Waste your time and in return he'll get a new phone from the company after reporting that the 1st was lost/stolen	0
This seller will scam you!	0
"This seller WILL NOT give you a full refund even if you send product back in pristine condition. They also refused to pay return shipping, though they claim to in their description. Seller charged us $112.00 plus $11.00 return shipping of my hard earned dollars and still got a brand new phone back. ROBBERY  Think twice about purchasing anything from this seller."	0
"This seller was very responsive to my many questions about the product as I was hesitant to spend this amount of money.  The phone arrived quickly EXACTLY as described, brand new with a brand new case and tempered glass screen protector, and I was able to set it up easily.  I highly recommend this vendor for cell phones.  "	1
This seller was very cool in dealing with buyers	1
"This seller was outstanding!  Went out of his way, at his own cost, to ensure that I got the product on time. Product as as discussed. No issues in performance and physical appearance at al. Hes an honest guy!  "	1
This seller was out looking to scam people on ebay charging them money to show them how to buy nokia phone8801 for cheap. Firstly it said on the add on ebay $140.00 is for the phone nokia 8801 &amp; then at the bottom in fine prints it said it was for the site where you could find those phones for cheap. I think this seller should be removed &amp; fined for misleading people &amp; expecting people to pay them hundred + dollars just for a site which could not be true.	0
"This seller was me, I sold a bad cell phone that never turned on, I do not recommend it"	0
This seller sold me a phone that the sim card reader does Not work 	0
this seller sold me a damaged phone i wrote a bad review he asked me to change it and he will send me a good phone i did and never got the new one the screen is bad you cant see anything what a deal thanks for robbin my $$ archangel_rd buyers watch out for this seller you wont get what you think your getting	0
This seller sold me a counterfeit I phone.  Identified as such by an Apple tech at an Apple genius bar.  It had two different Id numbers was supposed to have 64 gig but the tech could only find 16 even though the phone it self claimed to have 64gig.  This was found out when the phone was taken to Apple because touch screen stopped working and sims chip couldn't be removed.  	0
This Seller sent me esta not unlocked cell phone and the places not present the imei. and not are not good condition unlocked and seller are not reliable	0
This seller sent me a phone that only works with cricket after selling as a CDMA unlocked phone. When I asked to return it they were VERY RUDE when I asked for a return label with the address that they asked me to send it to. This was not the same address on the return label that was sent. Don't buy a phone from this seller or you may have a surprise!  	0
"this seller scammed me so good. I was supposed to recieve this item in the mail, instead I recived a iphone 4, 16 GB cracked. I contacted the seller, and he was claiming I was scaming him. I went into the phone, and found out this phone was stolen. It was claimed to be in a car that was broken into two weeks prior to when I paid for this so called ""Iphone 6s Plus"" I found out the original owner's phone number, and I gave him a call. He explained to me that the person who I bought the phone off was the robber. So as of right now, this guy is in jail, and I would've never figured this out if he didn't scam me. Karma is a bitch. "	0
"THIS SELLER NEEDS TO BE REMOVED FROM BEING ABLE TO SELL ANYTHING EVEN A PENCIL. I NEVER RECEIVED MY ITEM AND I CONTACTED THE SELLER ABOUT IT AND THE SELLER NEVER WOULD RESPOND. AFTER RECEIVING AN EMAIL SAYING THAT THE ITEM HAD BEEN SHIPPED, NO TRACKING NUMBER WAS PROVIDED. PEOPLE WORK TOO HARD FOR THEIR MONEY TO BE SCREWED BY PEOPLE LIKE THIS. THIS IS A BAD BAD SELLER AND I WOULN'T EVEN BUY A PENCIL FROM THIS SELLER."	0
"THIS SELLER NEED TO CHECK THE ITEMS HE/SHE IS SELLING , THE PHONE WASN&apos;T WORKING PROPERLY IT HAD NO SOUND ND VOLUME WASN&apos;T WORKING . PLEASE DO NOT TRUST THIS SELLER . I WOULD NEVER AGAIN BUT NOTHING FROM SELLER."	0
"This seller misleads people by selling used products and on ebay saying that there new never opened when there not, then has the odasity to write to you and tell you ooppsss i made a mistake. Do not trust this seller."	0
"This seller misleads people by selling used products and on ebay saying that there new never opened when there not, then has the odasity to write to you and tell you ooppsss i made a mistake. Do not trust this seller."	0
"This seller listed the cellphone as being unlocked, but it is defective electronically and continues to relock on its on. There was no notice in the ad depicting defects, but its a piece of junk. Beware !!!!!"	0
This seller lied said it was a brand new cell & it turned out to be used! 2 games were already downloaded on this cell which was weird games like what was downloaded doesn't come standard. The cell battery has died don't work & b4 that the cell was  skipping be aware of this seller I wasted 200.00 & now stuck with a piece of junk  don't believe everything you read trust me!	0
"This seller knows what they're doing! The description said minor signs of use but there's only a single scratch on the back. Phone felt like new otherwise! They even upgraded my shipping to 2 day by FedEx, beyond what I was expecting! There's even a return label printed, which I've never seen any company do for you before. The phone itself is great! Probably could do with a better battery, but that's not the seller's fault. Neither is the power button location, so I won't take stars off for that. All in all, if you're looking for a great used phone and want the best possible product (and service beyond what you expect during purchase) for your money, I'd highly recommend this seller. 10/10"	1
This seller is way overpriced	0
This seller is very unresponsive never try to buy one items to them it will cost you big problem they dont give return shipping label	0
"this seller is selling international phones. YOur samsung pay won't work and many other apps not supported in the us. The warranty is voided by Samsung US, and they can't help you in case you have a problem with the phone.  International phones are useless in the US. So before you buy make sure is one form the USA, and not one from The United Arab Emirates ""Dubai"".... now i have a   useless 500.00 phone that was sold buy this buyer  ksiddi"	0
This seller is selling fake phones. do not buy from this seller.	0
"This seller is selling brand new for very cheap $179.99. Compared to others their selling for more then $200.  I like this phone very much bigger screen and best phone ever for GPS navigation best for cab drivers LYFT, UBER and more. Best phone deal...."	1
This seller is not to be trusted.  Item was defective and refund has not been given.	0
this seller is not good  never buy anything from him. he sold me a defective phone .  dont trust on him	0
This seller is my life saver. Great price for excellent product and fast shipping. Thanks so much!	1
This seller is in the US that makes shipping quick. The phone is in perfect shape as advertise for a good price. 	1
This seller is honest with the prices! 	1
This seller is great... I made a grave mistake with a payment option and he corrected it without question. He had no obligation to help me but he was glad to.. Will do business with him for years to come... 	1
this seller is good in shipping but does not communicate. i emailed this seller about tracking no replys . item arrived quickly but is the matter of poor communication that makes you think whats going on with bought. so expect suprises from this seller	0
This seller is for real. I will always come or shop at his store.    Keep up the good services.    God bless.	1
"This seller is amazing, they responded fast and great to buy from. "	1
this seller is a very truthful seller thet give all the information needed and i will shop here again and again a+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++	1
"This seller is a total fraud, one of the worst sellers in eBay. They NEVER send me the item and they continuously told me lies about the shipment.   They even told me that there was a mistake and  that they would refunded me as soon as possible, but never did it.  As a buyer from 2008 and with a 100% positive feedback with my transactions, i expected a more descent treatment. I didn&apos;t opened a case in paypal because they asked for patience and i tries to be reasonable. But those guys waited to pass the 40 days limit for the open case and they never refunded me. They didn&apos;t answer to my questions after this period of time.  They are total fraud and scrap. The worst in ebay"	0
this seller is a thief !! do not trust her	0
THIS SELLER IS A SCAMMER..DESCRIPTION AND ITEMS ARE NOT WHAT HE SEND TO YOU...I RECEIVE THE PHONE THIS AFTERNOON AND ITS ACTUALLY THE OPPOSITE OF WHAT HE POST ON EBAY...	0
This seller is a scammer! Plan on reporting them!	0
This seller is a SCAM. Don't waste your time ordering from this seller. They take the money and relist the item and tell eBay you haven't paid    Apple iPhone 6s Plus 32GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE 12MP DualCore Smartphone - Gold (#323144644384)  	0
This seller is a pos.	0
"This seller is a piece of shit , false advertised an item , clearly states broke glass on the cell phone , never mention the digitizer , nor that u cant see any thing when powered on , this seller is a scammer . "	0
This seller is a fraud. He took my money and never sent me the phone. Please be careful before buying from this seller. 	0
This seller is a dishonest as it gets. Stay away from them. 	0
This seller is a criminal and should not be able to sell on this or any other site. I paid for an iPhone 128gb phone and this seller sent a 16gb phone and tried to blame it on me. I filed a claim with eBay and eBay closed it early without waiting for the phone to arrive back to this seller and the seller told me that they would keep the phone and my money. I have email messages to prove it. I'm in law enforcement and will find this seller and get my money....	0
"This seller had incredibly fast shipping. The phone came in immaculate condition, and is the best purchase I think I have ever gotten on eBay! Highly recommend this seller"	1
This seller goes above and beyond. Do not hesitate to purchase from them. 	1
"This seller followed agreement to for Fast shipping. When contacted with problem, seller responded rapidly, had great communication and solved problem very quickly!"	1
"This seller falsified details about his item for sale. When I received the item it had several cracks in the screen, which he listed as ""minor scratches"". Seller then argued with me and refused to take the item back for a refund!!!! DO NOT purchase from this seller if you expect an item to come as described in the ad. "	0
This seller do not recommend mobile phones repaired.	0
This seller didn't even send the damn phone. Took my money and never replied. Don't buy from this crooked seller	0
"This seller did not indicate that the phone was locked and unlockable. It was only usuable through US Cellular which I never heard of. I paid $400 for the phone and it is worthless to me. When I wrote the seller, she took a &quot;not my problem&quot; attitude. I intend to dispute the item because she refuses to take it back. She did not disclose this to me prior to purchasing. Watch out for her!!!!"	0
This seller deserves more than 5 star. I did not test the phone still but they try hard to deliver and make the customer happy. Thank you	1
This seller described this phone exactly.  Item was in great shape when received with no problems at all.  This seller has a better quality for this type of purchase than sellers I have purchased from in the past.  I would highly recommend considering purchasing from this seller.	1
This seller cancels orders for no reason!	0
This seller canceled my order saying that I requested to cancel. I did NOT request to cancel!!! 	0
this seems to be a good phone	1
This seems like a scam and I would even say that eBay is responsible because without them they would not have stolen me so more than 400 U $ S	0
"This screen was just what we were looking for. It's durable and pretty easy to set up. Since we were installing it in our basement on a concrete wall, the velcro was not strong enough to hold it up, so we bought some industrial strength velcro from Walmart and it worked perfectly. The screen is nice and thick so you can't see through it. It works really well with the projector we have. It allows for a clear picture (not pixelated). We would highly recommend this screen."	1
"This screen protector was horrible,it had air bubbles all around the edges.i was given three of them and they were all horrible!!!! I put it on correctly too and still air bubbles!!!! I ended up opening two screen protectors thinking that it would be different but it wasn't, don't but this!!! "	0
"This Samsung SGH T404G works really good.. I get service everywhere I go. I like this phone, it has good features. Its very easy to use and battery life last days without charging.the slid is easy to use and it saves space in your pocket when not using.the music player works really good and is loud the only thing i don&apos;t like is you cant use earphones for your music player.i like the dialing display because i can change the colors and the background color too.the numbers are easy to use and so is the numbers on the slide.i would definitely recommend this phone to a friend or family.the only dislike is that the okay button to unlock changes to internet browser and it will deduct minutes."	1
This Samsung galaxy S 5  is without any signs of wear. It does have a shadow that is noticed  when the screen has a light background. Very pleased with purchase.	1
this sale went a little haywire.  the seller was not at fault.  she made a common mistake and in contacting her i accidentally opened a case in which ebay found her at fault.  this was a complete misunderstanding.  i would definately do buisness with this seller in the future. product is great and i am using it.	1
"This request is an error that is in error, I never made this purchase.  This request is an error that is in error, I never made this purchase.  This request is an error that is in error, I never made this purchase.  This request is an error that is in error, I never made this purchase."	0
"This replaced my wife's 8 year old flip phone.  She loves her new Kyocera Dura XTP - E4281 phone. It was very easy to get the phone activated with our carrier, Sprint. The battery last her 3-4 days before it needs to be charged. This is even with  heavy usage. Highly recommend this durable flip phone.   Update 10-7-17. Still working great. Wife is ""happy"". When she is happy I am happy! "	1
"This refurb phone had a HUGE gash across the back chrome accent near the camera. Fortunately, a case covers it up. I've been buying factory refurb for 20 years and never received one like this. Also, the free $15 isn't applied until after you add your own prepaid card. Didn't help me because I needed the lowest plan, that expires in 30 days. So, the $15 will expire before it's used... Just like I didn't get it at all. Anyway, it was cheap and I traded it in and got my money back and another carriers service."	0
"This really is a poor quality unit.  It has static in the headphones, and the software is confusing and clumsy.  I went looking for a flip phone after Verizon discontinued my beloved LG Reveres, and had hopes that this one would replace it.  No way.  I am going to throw this one in the can and find another brand to try.  And curse you, Verizon, for requiring 4G cellphones all of a sudden.  Note:  I am not critical of the seller here.  The phone arrived in good condition for what it is; it's just that it is a sorry piece of equipment compared to my LG Revere."	0
"This really is a great phone to use! Easy to use and if you don&apos;t want a smart phone this is the phone to use! I can still use facebook, etc in an easy form."	1
This purchase was just as it was described.  Good deal for the price I paid for this phone. I really liked the phone.	1
This purchase was a mistake. Does not work with Metro PCS. I had no reception to receive phone calls. The seller did not sem to care or cater to me at all for the hassle.	0
This prooduct is far better than my Tour I had with Sprint. Moves faster w no trackball thk God. Im addicted to my BBM so I have little to say bad about Blackberry products.	1
"This product, the zn5, has an excellent 5.0 kodak camera. It takes beautiful pictures. The phone is excellent, enabled with t-mobile fav five. The phone is very clear sounding. Texting on the phone takes a little while to get used to since it has a flat smooth keyboard. After some getting use to it&apos;s perfect for texting, with great predictive text as well as remebering frequently used words."	1
This product was said to have very light wear and came heavily scratched and beaten up.	0
This product was received on time and in great condition as described. The product works great and I am very pleased with this service and product.	1
"this product was NOT unlocked as advertised....when i sent the phone back in time, they kept the phone and refused to refund as promised!"	0
This product was listed as in working order. It arrived and I was unable to charge it or turn it on at all. 	0
"This product was completely destroyed when I got it, and when I went to return it, the sell shut down their ebay account and didn&apos;t refund my purchase. Very unhappy."	0
"This product was a replacement for another one, so glad that ebay had it available since AT&amp;T no longer carried it, I knew that I could rely Ebay to have this item. Thank you ebay for your awesome service and the shipping was right on time too"	1
"This product though new in the box, was not able to be activated by virgin mobile or assurance wireless.  Which may mean it did not get scanned properly when it was removed from the retail outlet it came from.  So I am very disappointed in the seller of this item as well as the condition of the item."	0
This product purchased was clearly stated in the description.  The phone came in a quick shipment and I am very satisfied with my purchase and this seller.	1
"This product only had 4 gigabytes of storage. it constantly shuts down and or freezes to the point where a hard reset is necessary which is not what i would consider ""good working condition"". the battery lasts maybe 3 hours of constant use and even when you don't touch it all day its dead by the evening, for example, today it lasted 10 hours on a full charge. the charging port is loose so it doesn't always charge during the night and is basically dead when i get up to go to work. If i play Pandora it dies by lunch. it seems like when i need it the most its either dead or freezes the whole screen keeping me from doing anything. It feels like someone used the phone for three years, it started causing problems so they sold the worn out phone before it fully broke. only upside? I did only pay 22 dollars for it so i guess you get what you pay for, and ill be paying for a new phone."	0
"this product not original from samsung,,bad quality and not good battery life..i not recomended aboit this product,you must buy the original product"	0
"This product looks very used. Significant signs of wears and tears all over the phone, especially on the home button. "	0
"This product looks good, but it was locked by sprint and was unpaid by the seller. So it did not get activated on my number "	0
This product its good for one sim went I put two or the second one goin to slow 	0
"this product isn't  new and not have the wire charge , so really not is new "	0
"This product is NOT a Motorola Razr.  It says that it is but in reality this is some &quot;knock off&quot; version.  The numbers are written in some Arabic language or something.  The back battery cover won&apos;t stay on.  I didn&apos;t even get to charge it because the back cover kept coming off.  This company is a rip off and selling an inferior product!  Now I have to try and get my money back!  Pissed off in Indiana, Dr. Ronald Mundy"	0
This product is no quality and no satisfaction 	0
"This product is good for a back up ONLY. It is super huge and thick--like a brick! I thought it would be smaller than it was when it came in the mail. It works, and that is what&apos;s important. I would only recommend this product if you need a cheap back up phone."	0
"This product is good but I could not complete the purchase because the seller did not contact me, besides ebay retirement announcement to be fraudulent, if I had the product at a price comfortable knowing I do hope to buy it, thanks."	1
This product is amazing! I got it earlier than expected and my transaction with the seller is just smooth. Thanks a lot! I love it!!	1
"this product is all in Spanish and I do not speak that language, I speak English and so I would like to return it"" and am asking you to send me a return label as soon as possible to 413 Gassaway St. Hinesville GA.31313 I would like an exchange for another phone"" thank you "	0
this product is actually a zte engage x500 so don&apos;t bother unless your broke and someone gives it to you.	0
"This product is a waste of money. No SIM card available. Supposedly you can go to at&t and buy one, but they don't have any that fit this phone. "	0
this product i got was locked and i have no code so i very upset right now it was a motorola evoke qa4	0
This product exceeded my expectations for a budget this size	1
"This product does not work on the internet or receive picture texts on the at&amp;t network. It was supposed to be an unlocked product that would work and so far I have had no response for the seller, and neither at&amp;t or sony ericcson have been unable to help. They stated it was not unlocked properly."	0
"This product did not imagine that the fact that this bad situation  Transmitter and receiver very bad  Very, very bad battery"	0
"This product came in brand new condition, it works amazing and I'm happy. But don't use the charger that comes with the phone, it's not a genuine Apple charger."	1
This pone freezes all the time and very slow.Worst phone i ever had.	0
"This piece of junk came with the center of the touchscreen unresponsive to any touch. I can not do anything with it because I can&apos;t press anything in the center of the screen, like the number 5, or basically anything. My aunt took it overseas to give to a cousin, and brought it back to my attention the day she came back, and Daily Steals won&apos;t issue me a store credit or a refund. They are crooks."	0
This phones battery died super fast. 	0
"This phone, in theory, is good, but the battery life without use only lasts 5-6 hours.  I bought another new battery with the same results.  Worthless!"	0
"This phone, I THOUGHT, was going to be a lovely little phone. I had one as my first phone many years ago when I first started using cellular telephones. I didn&apos;t have it for very long because my husband washed it in the washer, but I thought it was a good phone then. The things I don&apos;t like about it are: 1) Everytime I try to call my bank, it makes a black screen and then resets itself and doesn&apos;t make the call. 2)These phones are known to have alot of problems especially with the speakers going out. Mine is full of little glitches. Such as eventhough I have it set to automatic keylock, it never does. 3)The ringtones are audible and &apos;loud&apos; by definition but kind of static when it rings like the speaker can&apos;t handle that level of volume. ALSO, I assigned ringtones to my callers and it doesn&apos;t play them and the ringtone itplays isn&apos;t any of the ones I&apos;ve assigned even for other things like text messaging and that sort of thing. I had to go in and reset alot of things to fix it  4) The screen gets scratched VERY easily. 5) It&apos;s a pain to get the casing open. When I first got it, trying to get my SIM card in was a nightmare and any other time I&apos;ve had to open it up. It also only comes with 2 games on it, ONE of which is a demo game. There are things that I do like about it when it decides to work. I like that it hasa calculator and a datebook and it can play polyphonic ringtones.  This just isn&apos;t a phone I would get if you want something that will last and that you will love and not be frustrated with."	0
"This phone XT1250 is exactly the same as the Verizon Branded Droid Turbo but for the international market and WILL WORK on the Verizon Network and GSM Networks.  The XT1225 WILL NOT work on Verizon and is only good for GSM networks.  I checked with SPRINT Sales and Customer Service and there ""BRING YOU OWN PHONE"" is ONLY for older Sprint and Iden phones and claim all others will not work with there Network with the exception of APPLE phones.  That is all I have and pray this clears up the confusion of the Motorola XT1225, XT1250 and Droid Turbo comparison."	1
This phone would not register because it was stolen. Do not buy from seller. 	0
This phone would not receive or send inbound/outbound messages at random and therefore was too unreliable to keep. It is an issue that has apparently occurred with multiple Google Nexus phones based on my research online.	0
"This phone would be great for someone who works or lives someplace where there is no background noise. The volume is very low, and one darn near needs to turn on the external speaker and still hold it up to their ear to hold a conversation.   Further, the ring volume is similarly low.   As a truck driver, this phone does not work for me.   Also, the Caller ID screen is so small that my sixty year old eyes could not read it, especially while on the road."	0
This phone works well for the elderly when simplicity and big buttons are needed. 	1
"This phone works great.  I had it for over a year before I dropped it in the ocean, and it worked great the whole time.  I never had any hinge problems and the camera is great.  The only problem is that it is a little bulky.  Other than that this is an awesome phone."	1
"This phone works great if it didn't have a bug with the on screen keyboard. Basically, every 1 or 2 days i have to restart the phone because the on screen keyboard goes black and wont display anything. It's very annoying."	0
"This phone works for T-Mobile and has only 3G network, I don't care cos it works perfectly. I bought the 6.44"" one, it sure is go big or go home. At $310, you will get every value for your money. Heads up, you will need to download play store for Google related apps. You might need to watch YouTube for directions but you will definitely be able to figure it out. Thank me later lol"	1
This phone works flawlessy and for the price its a even better deal. 	1
This phone works excellent and was every bit worth what I paid for it.   I would recommend this item as well as this seller to anyone.	1
"This phone works as a phone, and as a PDA... It can manage your days, calls, notes everything. But if you want to use it to go Online, it was not the best. I loved that game Bounce, It was fun. I wish I had a camera, and a bit more space in the hard drive. But very delicated, I end up running over it. Also a bit pricy... Probably not worth it, compared to almost anything there is out there today."	0
"This phone worked great like a new phone would when I first got it, after 3 months or so of having and using it, it started freezing on me, and telling me to wait or to &quot;force close&quot; a program I hadnt even clicked on. It took forever to open text messages, and other programs. I would not recommend this phone, it sucks! I bought it thinking it would be nice to have a touch scrreen plus a keyboard. This product does not compare to other phones ive bought before because this one is the worst phone ive purchased in my line of phone use."	0
"This phone work great, then after an week the screen quite working. I had to go buy new phone. This was a waste of my money."	0
this phone work great when I first got it after the first month it would not power up not  even with the charger	0
"This phone won my heart the second I saw it!!! It's so sophisticated, thiny, has a pretty good big screen and lots of features like recording your call which can be pretty useful!!! The phone is amazing, now my husband wants one like that. Although the brand is not so popular like Apple and Samsung, Blu keeps impressing me with the quality of their phones. I highly and strongly recommend this phone, and believe me I rarely write reviews. "	1
"This phone will only work on 3G networks.  USA 4G LTE uses bands 2,4,12.  This phone specs list 1,3,7 which is Europe and Asia bands. "	0
"THIS PHONE WILL NOT WORK RELIABLY ON THE BOOST MOBILE NETWORK.  THE BATTERY IS OLD, THE OPERATING SYSTEM IS OUT OF DATE.  THIS PHONE DROPS SERVICE DURING ALL TYPES OF FUNCTIONS.  DO NOR BUY THIS PHONE.  I LIKE OLDER PHONES - THIS ONE WILL NOT WORK."	0
This phone will not connect with any towers in my area after being told it would by the Tracfone rep. ( seller).	0
This phone will not charge it turns itself off all the time and it says cant read sim card. 	0
"This phone was way below the standard that was listed on the description. The   phone is not in good working condition. Was supposed to have minor scratch&apos;s  and use marks,but the screen is hardly visible,the case is worn too the point  that the rubber coating is actually missing. I&apos;m very unhappy with this purchase  and will not buy from the seller again. I tried too contact the seller and got no response."	0
This phone was the worst phone ive ever owned that came brand new and was junk right from the getgo. The speaker sucks you cant hear nothing either holding it to your ear or using the speaker phone. 	0
This phone was the worst phone i have ever gotten it had lots of problems it had dirt inside the screen i couldnt clean it! and it turned off by itself didnt have any signal the touch system is very slow and freezing all the time cant see my contacts sometimes i mean am i unlucky or this phone is so stupid everybody is being sarcastic?? it just got me really mad!	0
"This phone was the worse,I had ever purcharse. It is listed as unlocked, and it is not. I end up wasting more money to unlocked the phone oversee, more than what I paid for the phone.. The phone is very conplicated, its a headache, it freeses  a lot, waste of money..I would not recomend this phone to anyone."	0
This phone was the biggest piece of crap ever.  I opened it up abd literally snapped it in half if you are lookin for a phone to recycle then this is the phone for you	0
"this phone was terrible. it barley held a charge for more than a couple of hours, and that was with it in an idle mode and with the internet turned off. The screen flashed slightly and would dim out way faster than the setting said it should. It had a very low touch sensor and in general the phone was terrible."	0
"This phone was supposed to be unlocked for AT&T use, but it is not.   Only can call and text no mobile data.  Do not buy!"	0
This phone was supposed to be unlocked and it was not.  I tried to activate it and at&amp;t said it was not unlocked and it required a pin	0
"This phone was supposed to be new! It was broken! It will not charge, the spot where you connect it is broken. I dont know who to contact to return it.There is several different addresses on this listing. I tried to find address or phone # to contact them , to no avail. Perhaps you can have them contact me?  thanks christine"	0
This phone was substituted for something else and I was not very pleased	0
"This phone was still under lease from Sprint. It's considered stolen, to use it I'd have to pay off the balance to Sprint. This was a fraudulent sale."	0
This phone was rated 9.5 out of 10 and I have to say it really is! The phone is as described and is perfect!! Thank you so much!!! My son is very happy!! 	1
"This phone was purchased as a Christmas gift and was set up on December 27, 2016.  However, after a week of usage, static can be heard.  In the past, Samsung Galaxy Prime have been good smartphones; maybe a defective phone was received."	0
This phone was perfect when we got it.   It was well packaged and arrived very quickly.   It was Ready for activation and the activation went perfectly as well.    The phone was for my mother and she loves it.   It works really well and the audio is nice loud and clear.    It was very nice for the price.   I highly recommend this seller and this phone.	1
"this phone was once a great phone, but now it is out dated most of the apps I am using would not load. no fault to anyone but myself I should have done some more research Before buying. p.s. I don't know what a small form factor means "	0
"This phone was offered to use to AT&T Network but is from TELCEL, I had to unlock it to use it misleading advertising from the seller."	0
This phone was not unlocked and seller would not fix the problem.	0
This phone was not the SM-G935F as shown in the listing. When I received the phone i found that it was the Verizon version which meant I couldn't use it on my network. To make things worse the phone still had data from the previous owner as well as a pin lock. Which means I have purchased a $260 paper weight. Hopefully I am able to get my money back.	0
THIS PHONE WAS NOT FULLY FLASHED. SELLER DID NOTHING TO HELP. I HAD TO PAY AN EXTRA $15 AT CRICKET TO GET IT FULLY FLASHED&gt;	0
"This phone was not compatible with Verizon as it claimed, and also didn't have a sim card as claimed. Instead of being verizon compatible it was a prepaid phone (not sure what that means).  Pros: Brand new, return was not a problem  Con: Was not verizon compatible"	0
This phone was not brand new	0
This phone was listed as a new unlocked phone. Upon receiving this phone it came with a power block which appeared to be something used in Germany not the United States. I went to activate the phone and it cannot be activated in the United States.	0
"This phone was indeed a nice samsung s4 with everything listed. I am not so sure that it was brand new. I have reason to believe the digitizer had been replaced as it quit working in 2 months of owning the phone . When I had the phone looked at, I was informed that this was more than likely not an original digitizer. I am writing this because I contacted the seller to find out if this was the case, and no response has been made. This upsetting, I would have appreciated an honest response, but received nothing. "	0
"This phone was in great cosmetic condition when received  But at no point in the description did it state that the phone would be BURNED BACKGROUND IMAGES ON THE SCREEN! I would be returning it, but I'd rather not go through the hassle!  "	0
"This phone was highly rated by Consumer Reports when it came out some years ago.  I decided when I was ready to quit my flip for a smartphone, this would be my choice.  And so it was.  And is, a great phone!"	1
"This phone was great... for three months.  I had two of the same phone and they just stopped working after three months.  Could not charge, deleted contacts... the works! Do not buy."	0
This phone was for replacement of my girlfriends HTC wildfire. The phone works great and is much more functional than her other.	1
This phone was for my son. Unfortunately he couldn&apos;t use it due to his phone plan. So I ended up just using it for a alarm	1
"This phone was for my daughter, she has been using an iPhone for years and wanted to try the Samsung with different IOS.  She didn&apos;t like the IOS (compared to iPhone) and never switched her contract to the new phone.  Nothing against Samsung, the phone was perfect, just user preference."	1
"This phone was for my boyfriend. He loves it! He previously had a Samsung which he did like, but he is in love with this phone. It was said to have been a display model in a mobile store. It had one tiny knick on the back which you could barely see. It works great and was at a great price. Never had an HTC before, but it has a lot of its own HTC features that are cool along with the regular android Microsoft features. Exactly as picture and description was spot on, they even had told me about the tiny knick before purchase.   "	1
This phone was exactly what I wanted and was in beautiful condition. True to the description 	1
"This phone was exactly how it was described; I also did some research on this phone.  I purchased this phone for my teenage son who has destroyed previous phones. This phone was priced right, and it has several features that most of the newer phones have. "	1
"this phone was exactly as listed! it is in great condition, and everything in it works great! i even received an extra battery, and all of the addons i needed to use this phone regularly, what a deal!"	1
This phone was dysfunctional. It is was tested at all the seller would have know. Received it with about 10% battery. Charged to 100% and battery would last about 15 minutes before being completely dead. Next day the iPhone shut off randomly and would not turn back on. Really sucks having to return this phone and wait another few days to get another one. I expected the phone to actually work when paying almost $200. 	0
This phone was awful it over heated and kept shutting off i returned it	0
This phone was at active on someone else's phone service. 	0
This phone was as described! It was clean without scratches and so appealing to the eye.  I love it!	1
"This phone was advertised as s straight-talk phone but when I received it, I learned that it was a trac phone. Besides that the phone could not be activated due to ""it not being scanned properly when originally purchased"". Not sure exactly how that works but I do know the only way I would have been able to activate it was to obtain the original receipt and fax it to straight-talk. The seller of course was unable to produce the original receipt so I requested a refund. I was then told I would be charged a restocking fee. Luckily eBay stepped in and cleared all of this up, I still haven't received my refund yet but I'm expecting it soon."	0
"This phone was advertised as New condition, however when I called Sprint to have them set it up, I was notified that the phone had been active for 4 years.  I let the seller know, and they sent me a 2nd phone.  The second phone had also been used for 2 years.  "	0
"This phone was a little bit better then the 3100 I owned. This was the phone I owned before the 3100 and OWNED again after awhile. While the battery was suckish in this phone, the phone never dropped calls like the 3100 ALWAYS did. I wouldn&apos;t consider this. I would get something else and stay away from this trash heap of a cell. REALLY CRAPPY!"	0
"This phone was a great price but it had a bad serial number when I called Net10 to activate it.  They said it wasn&apos;t scanned properly at Best Buy when purchased, so I would have to take it to Best Buy and see if they would scan it, well I didn&apos;t buy it from Best Buy and Best Buy is 100 miles one way from my house and I did not have a Best Buy receipt, so doubted that they would just scan it for me.  So, I contacted the sell, he offerred me 1/2 of my money back less shipping cost.  So, I agreed thinking, I&apos;d at least get something back.  He then issued me a refund for the full amount less shipping, so I guess you win some and you lose some.  This one I lost, a great looking phone, but a inoperable one.  Sincerly, tazetuneme"	0
This phone was a great deal at a great price! I would recommend this product to anyone thats looking for  a good phone at a reasonable price.	1
This phone was a great Buy. It was a steel. The Cellar got it to me very quickly period and it came exactly as described. I couldn't be more happy with this seller in my purchase. I'm a very happy customer and can't wait to do more business with eBay. I would definitely recommend them to my friends if you want inexpensive stuff but at the highest of quality. Kudos eBay. Kudos seller	1
"This phone was a gift to a friend who advises that she was happy with the phone (Samsung Galaxy S-5 Active)  She apreciated the not too big size or weight of the phone. especially since it has a 5"" display.  She also advised me that she liked the stock UI and also the speed of the processor.  She stated that with moderate use the battery last the better part of the day.  She likes the idea of the water resistance of the phone as she has in the past  has lost two smartphones to drops in water.  All in all she was happy with the phone from appearance to performance.   medioindio"	1
"This phone wants to do randimsoftware updates everyday, sometimes skipping a few days, and when it does that it switches the time I'm on my phone which has cause me be late for work 3 different times. I almost got fired. I dont kniw why it does this but I just hit the no button now when it asks. It's very frustrating and the phone is also encrypted somehow now, which my kids could of accidentally done I can figure that out. Thank you Rat Pritchett"	0
THIS PHONE THE IS THE BEST   	1
This phone that was supposed to be in good condition just randomly stopped working 5days ago I had a case and screen protector on it and out of no where it just died I wouldn't trust buying from this seller 	0
"this phone that was said to be unlocked, is network lock, very disappointed....."	0
"this phone that i received even though was very small and handy, but mine was defective so i do not know 100% if is good or bad, but I can tell it is very small and portable for a phone"	0
This phone surpasses all other phones and is competitive with the Galaxy S8 and Google Pixel. I love the smooth interface with a lag free snappy processor. Definitely recommend this superphone!	1
"This phone sucks, won&amp;apos;t charge. It&amp;apos;s like a toy from waltmart. Didn&amp;apos;t return it because it wasen&amp;apos;t worth my time. Had to purchases from e-bay had bad experience."	0
this phone sucks! do NOT buy it.  camera is horrible and just everything about this phone is bad. it's a waste of money. 	0
This phone sold by the seller doesnt have Proper description and his communication of mails doesnt have proper information either and he is very harsh towards buyers. I would never do business with him again	0
This phone shows no service after inserting into the SIM card. The signal disappears suddenly for unknown reasons. I tried to change the antenna but not working.	1
"This phone should be good for texts and calls, but it falls short. Build quality feels solid and the overall size is really nice, not too thick or wide. Call quality is noticably  with distortion and echos. The keyboard feels nice, although the buttons are too small for my fingers. Screen is a bit bigger than your average flip phone, which is nice. Camera is pretty meh.  Text input is crippled by awkward software decisions such as: in 'smart' mode pressing shift or alt after a space will accept the autocomplete suggestion for the next word when you just want to type a capital letter or a smiley, when not in 'smart' mode shift must be pressed twice for each capital letter (input modes go: abc, ABC, Abc), the phone defaults to 'smart' input mode and won't remember if you switch it, and there is an arbitrary memory limit for texts of 850 which is silly for a full keyboard phone with plenty of storage.  For those of us who haven't given up on capital letters and apostrophes, texting is a chore. There's also no calendar, apparently Facebook and Twitter were bigger priorities."	0
"This phone seems to be very good. Was skeptical at first, but that changed after using the phone for awhile. When they are on sale again, I will purchase another one. Awesome phone for the money."	1
This phone second hand my have battery issues but otherwise its a savior phone when you cant afford the latest and greatest cause you still get the greatest value for great performance	1
"THIS PHONE SAYS FOR TALK &amp; TEXT, WELL YOU CAN&apos;T GET PIC MESS.THE INTERNET SUCKS,YOU CAN&apos;T PUT DIFFERENT RINGTONES FOR YOUR CONTACTS, THE EMAIL I SET UP DOESN&apos;T WORK &amp; YOU CAN&apos;T SEND PIC MESS ONLY THRU EMAIL!!!! THIS PHONE WAS A BIG, BIG DISAPOINTMENT. THOUGHT I WAS GONNA CUM UP INSTEAD WENT BACK!!!!"	0
"This phone said it worked in my area.  It does not work in Marathon County in Wisconsin.  It looks to be the phone I wanted, but it doesn't help me if it doesn't work work were I live. "	0
"This phone runs a fairly stock version of Android Marshmallow 6.0 in which I like, performance is pretty snappy, it has a generous 32gb of storage built in while most in this segment gets 16gb or less. The storage can be expanded with a microsd card, I used a 128gb Samsung Evo and it works great, and turns it into a media monster.  It has a pretty massive battery which gives me about 8hrs of screen on time during basic usage like web and videos. Another great feature is a fingerprint scanner which is rare in this class of phones, and a great 1080p full HD IPS lcd. The colors are okay, a little on the cold side but still great for media consumption.  One of the small points taken off for this great phone is lack of MHL or OTG support, you cannot transfer data with a portable USB OTG dongle it's used solely for PC synching and charging only, kinda of a bummer."	1
This phone replaces a Moto X phone. The battery life is excellent and the screen is very sharp. I've only been using it a few days and so far the phone is a winner.	1
"This phone replace one like it that was lost.  My 10 year old is happy again, games galore, and oh she loves the flashlight feature on the phone.  She works one game on the phone, while doing another on the computer.  She loves it.  My son and I have the same type of phone each, and we are connected with a calling plan,  This is my first ""smart"" phone, and I don't find it intimidating for me.  There are may features that I probably am not using, but I am sure my 12 year old son is using them all, as he is forever on the phone."	1
THIS PHONE PERFECT FOR BOOST AND WORKING 4G NETWORK ALSO.I HOPE EVERYBODY HAVE ONE OF THIS PHONE AND SAVE A LOT OF MONEY FROM SPRINT.ALSO DEALER IS KNOW WHAT THEY DOING YOU CAN GO AHEAD TO THIS SELLER ACTUALLY SELLER IS A BOOST DEALER.	1
This phone operates on android and  was unlocked so it could be connected as I wanted.  It also has decent battery life.	1
"this phone not good at all , they made in Thailand use cheap plastic like recycle one   not recommend to everyone bay this one "	0
"This phone never works. I send to my mother,she can&apos;t use it. I try here in USA,the same problem.I just lost my money"	0
This phone NEVER worked...from the time of purchase.  What a waste of $$!!!  It was listed as good as new....what a joke.  I could have gotten a new phone cheaper than the time and $$ this cost me.	0
"This phone must be a "" knockoff "" because it malfunctions constantly. Screen locks up and keyboard fails to function correctly. Turn the screen off, slide it into your pocket and it will do many functions when you don't know. The screen freezes up alot. Just simply will not function properly."	0
"This phone might have been good a few years ago, but at this point it is worth almost nothing. I can make phone calls, send and receive texts (although it doesn't handle group texts or images at all). That's pretty much it. The email apps can't update unless I'm on WiFi even though I pay for unlimited data. Facebook app crashes every time I try to use it. Most other apps either don't even load onto the phone or if they do, crash immediately. Do not waste your money on this. I'm beyond frustrated with this phone. "	0
"This phone meets my needs very well. I like the Android OS, and my tech needs are quite simple. This phone does far more than my typical needs require."	1
"This phone may perform better with somebody else but, this particular phone which I purchased is not working at all, and it is going to the trash because, the person who sold to me was not telling the yruth about the phone, so its a total loss for me."	0
This phone may be small which is kind of perfect it fits in your pocket just right it's not bulky. It also has good picture quality takes really good pictures. The one I got literally has no flaws not next no scratches on the screen no nothing it's actually a good phone. I might be an adult and most people think they are for teenagers but this phone is good for me because I don't do a lot on phones I just talk text and take pictures so I don't need a great big fancy expensive phone when this one does the exact same. So it has good quality on taking. Fits perfect in your pocket and it's also pink my favorite color so I love the phone whether it's small or not. People pay top dollar for these Galaxy S7 and iPhone 6 and successes just because they're new and bigger and everything but they do the same thing as this phone does if not better. So if anyone wants to buy a phone that is small and fits your pocket and is not too big and does just about anything inexpensive phone would I highly recommend this phone. I love it. They also shipped it very fast and when they say 9 out of 10 they should say 10 out of 10 because mine had nothing at all wrong with it. It came in mint condition. So I highly recommend this phone if you're wanting a small phone that fits your pocket and yet still doe	1
this phone may be new BUT is literaly obious you dont get new batery with it. The batery you get is an old batery.	0
This phone looks practically new and is working well so far. It arrived within a week. Im very happy with it. 	1
This phone looks new very pleased with the purchase couldn't ask for anything better at that price  thanks 	1
"This phone looked good, but Verizon would not service it even though it is a Verizon phone.  My service will not either.  The seller refused to accept a return or a refund."	0
"This phone looked brand new in the box.  However, we discovered it was a demo phone.  It had many demo features on it, &amp; as we took them off &amp; added our own information, each time the phone was charged, all of our information disappeared &amp; all of the demo features returned.  We had to return the phone after several frustrating days."	0
this phone isnt a octacore. is a sm g930U	0
"This phone is wonderful. I bought it for my son who is on a T Mobile plan without the upgrade feature. It is easy to use, has a long battery life, and all the features he needs. It may not be the newest model, but for the money it is marvelous."	1
This phone is will not work if you are a Verizon customer.  No way to send it back.  I have been trying to figure out how to send it back and get my money back.  Not documentation come in the package.	0
This phone is well made and also great price point.	1
This phone is very old therefore it is extremely slow. I do not recommend this phone at all	0
"this phone is very niece and I sold with a profit, thanks to Ebay for good deals I hope to doing more than what I have done so far.    regards."	1
This phone is very nice I love it but it's not  keeping charge at all and no one is texting me back I'm very disappointed and what I want is a new phone or a battery because I just receive the phone and it's not holding any charge like I literally look at the phone dropping charge while on the plug looking at a message so what I want is to RECEIVE ANOTHER BATTERY PLEASE AND THANK YOU.	0
"This phone is very handy and easy to operate and the battery rally last longer, I recomend it as a good buy......       I like it so much that I bought another one of the same so I can have one for spare in case I loose one.......                                                                                                    Buy it you'll like it"	1
"This phone is very good performance wise, Runs very fast never had a issue. Storage is great with 32gb. Ran fast with 4gb of ram and overall performance wise is good.  DOWNSIDE IS THAT IT BREAKS EASILY. I had purchase this phone with a Spigen phone case and tempered glass screen protector. I had gotten out of my car and it fell out of my pocket, not even a foot or so drop and it landed on the bottom right corner on concrete and bounce into grass screen down. When I grabbed it I was surprised that the right side  of the phone where the edge is was shattered. The led was intact but that glass was gone."	0
"This phone is very easy to use, the battery life is awesome. Unfortunately it does not have WiFi connectivity."	1
"This phone is very durable--I have dropped it, gotten it wet still works great"	1
this phone is unlocked and its working fine . wanna buy more   i am requesting seller to relist the more items . so that i can buy same item from him.	1
This phone is too old to be considered a viable product with corresponding problems of finding SIM cards and SIM card trays/holders for it.	0
"This phone is the best phone I have had thus far.  I used to have to carry my Ipod and my cellphone but this phone is like the baby of them both. (an Ipod and cellphone in one)  The MP3 player is very loud, battery has a long life (especially with the amount of features on it).  You can program your phone to block numbers that are not on your call list and I can still send and receive text messages while I am roaming.   I highly recommend this phone."	1
"this phone is the best out there by sprint,nextel,def worth it,walkie talkie has great sound quality"	1
This phone is terrible. You can't even type on it. You can't do anything on the screen because it jumps bad.	0
"This phone is terrible. It does not come with a bullt in  flashlight tool.  The camera never worked. The ""recent calls"" function does not work. "	0
"This phone is terrible at texting, the manual sucks, you have to call to find out how to do anything and lots of things are done different than on any other phone.  The battery life is poor, the back falls off easily so it will not handle any water at all.  DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE IF YOU HAVE ANY OTHER CHOICE!"	0
"This phone is super slow , crashes with everything you're trying to do , Google doesnt work with it , it was a real bad choice i made .i regret it "	0
this phone is stupid do not buy you will wasting your money this phone is stupid do not buy you will wasting your money  this phone is stupid do not buy you will wasting your money  this phone is stupid do not buy you will wasting your money  this phone is stupid do not buy you will wasting your money  this phone is stupid do not buy you will wasting your money  this phone is stupid do not buy you will wasting your money  this phone is stupid do not buy you will wasting your money  this phone is stupid do not buy you will wasting your money  this phone is stupid do not buy you will wasting your money  this phone is stupid do not buy you will wasting your money  this phone is stupid do not buy you will wasting your money  this phone is stupid do not buy you will wasting your money  this phone is stupid do not buy you will wasting your money  this phone is stupid do not buy you will wasting your money  this phone is stupid do not buy you will wasting your money  this phone is stupid do not buy you will wasting your money	0
This phone is stolen. The seller will not contact me reguarding this matter. He is avoiding my phone calls and my emails. I have asked for a full refund.	0
this phone is stolen!!!	0
This phone is stolen phone. I lost my money. I feel very bad. 	0
This phone is stolen and can't be used now I have a phone that is garbage	0
This phone is stolen    Be careful whit this person.  Very bad person.    	0
This phone is still better than most of the 2017 flagships that cost more money. The display and camera are amazing. Way better than other phones. 	1
This phone is so unique and has all the features a person need where a smart is concerned. i had the optimus g pro before i purchased this phone and so far i can give it 10/10 until i get my hands on the G3	1
"This phone is so sexy. Even in these years (2018) is quite an elegant phone, very slim and powerful. It's true that battery drain fast, but i am very happy with a LG G5 fast charger that is compatible with the Snapdragon chip on this phone!! it charges from 20 to 90% in 15 minutes. So battery isn't a problem at all"	1
"This phone is so old that I have to turn my own light on; I have to use the side scroll part to move through the options.  Sometimes, when it gets tired, with a full battery, it will shut itself down for like 5 minutes; no matter what I&apos;m doing.  I DISLIKE this phone."	0
"This phone is so old that I have to turn my own light on; I have to use the side scroll part to move through the options.  Sometimes, when it gets tired, with a full battery, it will shut itself down for like 5 minutes; no matter what I&apos;m doing.  I DISLIKE this phone."	0
"This phone is so old it's not compatible with current versions of Android, and is not compatible with many apps in the Google play store. "	0
This phone is so fun with its curved  shape and surprisingly sturdy form. It comes preloaded with cool aps like lg health which counts steps and voice command for hands free driving . definitely wins over my old phone which was a samsung. 	1
"This phone is slick and quick and even water resistant. I like it a lot. The little USB cover is a bit of a pain, but it hardly needs charging, so no worries."	1
"This phone is showing signs of use on casing. Works terribly! Losing service all the time! Disconnects during calls! People can't get a hold of me, everyone is complaining. Requested a return/refund, let's see what happens!  "	0
This phone is said to be unlocked but it's not. What a waste of money since the reason I bought it was because I thought it was unlocked.	0
"this phone is replica from China, not original from Nokia..the phone is not even turn or  the charge the battery.. No Series Number...etc"	0
"This phone is poorly designed.  I bought this one thinking I had a flaw with the one I had owned before.  When I received this one, it was cracked in the same place as my old one.  I sent it back and would never by another one like this."	0
This phone is perfect... Fast shipping.... And perfect condition.... I really loved ..... 	1
This phone is perfect for our needs and came as described. It's in excellent condition with no scratches 	1
This phone is perfect for me for several reasons:    - Light and compact  - Both CDMA and GSM capable  - Great battery life  - No data plan required with Verizon   and   - Great Price!	1
This phone is perfect for anyone who doesn&apos;t need all the bells and whistles that a smart phone has. Simple and easy to use! Texting is easy with the larger buttons on this phone. I love it!	1
"This phone is our second phone just like this.  The first one broke about a year after we got it.  It was new when purchased and was very well taken care of.  This phone was also well taken care of but broke only 3 months after purchase.  I have heard of other people also having problems with their Kyocera phones.  I will NEVER, NEVER, NEVER, EVER buy another phone from Kyocera!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"	0
"This phone is only good for 30 days after that the screen will lock and there is nothing to do about it, just to throw $310 in the trash can"	0
This phone Is only 2G. Worthless because ATT does not support 2G since Dec 2016	0
"This phone is one of the best nokia phones... good seller ..resnonble price, supper fast shipping and honest seller."	1
"This phone is older, and basic, and it is durable. But the battery sucks. I picked it up at a sale and got it used. It looked excellent but didnt come on right, because of the battery. It also has a small screen, which makes it hard to read txts, which I&apos;m surprised this phone even has as a feature."	0
This phone is ok .Battery do not charge 100% only 70%  Quite dissappointed.I won&apos;t recommend to buy.	0
This phone is not worth the money. The seller sells the phone with no SIM card and the SIM card is impossible to get your hands on but they make it sound like it is no big deal. With out the SIM card you get no 4G among other problems. On top of everything the functionality of the phone kind of stinks and is annoying to use.	0
This phone is not working so I&apos;m not happy with that!! So I&apos;m not recommend this item because never told me about this phone	0
this phone is not what the company says it is spent 2 hours at my us celluar store only for them to tell me i been scammmmmmmmmmed I spend thousands with ebay so for this to happen i just dont get it	0
This phone is not unlocked to work with other operators as the title says.  This cell phone has no sim card slot.  the saleswoman tried to cheat me    I charged her with the truth in front!	0
THIS PHONE IS NOT UNLOCKED 	0
This phone is not the phone that is listed this is a tribute 2 not a tribute 5	0
This phone is not only good looking but is at  a great price (£27.61) it has 3gb ram and  32gb storage I would spend £100 for this phone because of how good it is 	1
"This phone is not a US Samsung phone with a US warranty or tech support. This phone is a UK Phone (United Kingdom phone) Samsung US will NOT service or warranty this product.   It is impossible to talk with or email UK for any issues. You might as well say that it is AS IS with No warranty or tech support.  If you are looking for Wi-fi calling for making calls at areas with weak signals and need to use internet to make calls IT WILL NOT WORK.   If you are wanting a US warranty or customer service or tech support,THIS WILL NOT BE THE PHONE FOR YOU.  If the phone has a duel sim card slot. Do not buy it if you want a US warranty or service in the US. I am sure if you live in the UK it would be fine???  I hope this helps when buying this kind or any DUEL SIM card slots.   Samsung US told me that they do not make ANY phone with duel sims for the USA.  I hope this helps. "	0
"This phone is not a good phone AT ALL .....  I bought this phone because the HYPE about SAMSUNG  The games are outdated ,features ,up to date games you can&apos;t get on here .  I really hate everything about the phone   I still use my PHOTON and only use this phone for calls   Everything look old and ancient on the phone   games are outdated  even android   compare to the   motorola photon t959 AWESOME !!!!!!!!!!!"	0
This phone is not a factory or network unlocked. Only works on AT&T and T-mobile. 	0
This phone is no longer supported by the verizon network but they sold it anyway.  I returned it.  Call Verizon with an MEID and or IMEI before purchasing any older phones. 	0
"This phone is no longer sold through Verizon, but my Daughter really one, so I was very happy to find it on eBay! The seller shipped it fast and the price was decent:)"	1
"This phone is nice looking , however mine has several problems with it. The #7 had to be pushed really hard to dial numbers. Then the battery went. Replaced battery but power doesn&apos;t come on. I had to buy a new different phone."	0
This phone is nice but compared to the Galaxy line it is missing a lot of applications.    The phone fits nice in the pocket and I do like the slide out qwerty keyboard.    It would do a good job if your not looking for a lot of applications to run on it.  The Android Market is much greater than the Blackberry.	0
"This phone is necessary to have if you like to multi task! It has seven windows you can operate on and allows you to keep up with all featured social networks on the phone. Its super easy to add in email accounts and quick office is a plus in case if my on the go with my little newborn! I brought this phone mainly for those reasons but the primary one was for the wifi calling feature it has especially since I don&apos;t get much service in my area since T-Mobile has yet to add a tower; I am glad I brought it!    My likes about this phone is the touch screen and having a keyboard that way I am not always getting annoyed with my fingers doing something unwanted. I also like that during a call the screen lights up for other options only when you pull the phone away from you to avoid misplaced calls.    Dislikes is that this phone is defintely like a mini-computer and should be treated as such by shutting down to eliminate sporadic frozen screens. The phone comes with two batteries and two battery backs. Although the smaller battery doesn&apos;t stay charged enough for me I find my self using the extended battery more. I wish I could find a nice case for when I am using the extended battery and battery door.    Otherwise, my previous phone had water damage and paying for a new $300 phone was a bit ridiculous. I would highly  recommend to a friend."	1
THIS PHONE IS MY FAVORITE!!! I&apos;VE TRIED OTHERS AND NOTHING BEATS THE EASE OF USE AND GREAT FUNCTIONS!!!	1
"This phone is more then I will ever need, I&apos;ve had it for several months and haven&apos;t gotten close to knowing all of it&apos;s features."	1
"This phone is made to be  use in Bangladesh can be use even  in sprint as seller posted  ,  I took it to sprint and they couldn't activate the phone  because is  for another kind of signal and technology ,  very disapointed  I return it  was for my son it  got delivered  back to seller ( breed  ) 5 days ago and steal have no  money refund,   19 days after my son doesn't have phone and no money too ,   this is kind of people shouldn't be seling  on EBAY : ( "	0
"This phone is lousy, I have reached out to the seller and I have gotten no response.  It will not connect to my phone service at all and I spent 2 1/2 hours yesterday in the phone store trying to get it to work.  The sales asst. connected with his service people and blackberry and No One could get it to connect.  He even noted that the ID inside the phone was not the same as what came up when he entered it into his computer.  I have used Curves for 8 years and this is junk and NO RESPONSE!  He was also to send me a carrying case - never happened despite his promise."	0
This phone is locked up and Verizon said I should just through it a way I want to send it back and I want my money back plz and thank u 	0
"This phone is locked by an IT dept.  I have tried everything to unlock and it still not working.. I would like to request a refund.  I can ship the unit back to the seller as soon as possible.     Regards,  Fea1979"	0
This phone is locked and I want it to be unlocked can i please return the item back to you id appreciated if you can refund me back thank you.	0
This phone is leap and bound above my s7. It's faster and has much better battery life. 	1
"This phone is just what I wanted and needed. Just a phone. Personaly I would have liked it to  be a little bigger,( easyer for me to hold on to) but this phone is Great as is."	1
This phone is just another example of the fantastic quality of the entire Mytouch series. They come in many different styles and colors all the way from a white Mytouch 3g original to the new LG Mytouch Q in black! They have so many easy to use fun features that this phone could fit anyone from a child to a business man. 5 stars for sure and a good gift for anyone!	1
This phone is just an all around good phone!	1
this phone is junk.   it cuts out for a second when you answer it.  try to cancel the call and it answers it.  just a cheap crappy phone	0
"This phone is junk has compatible issues with app downloads. Phone gets hot when charging, along with battery."	0
"This phone is is terrible for privacy. It's the only flip phone I have seen  that has makes you agree to terms and conditions that allow Alcatel to basically record everything you do with the phone and sell it to third parties. If you buy this phone, make sure you read the small print. It also binds you to the privacy laws of Hong Kong, irregardless of the country you actually use the phone in.  "	0
"This phone is in excellent pre-owned condition. It works as it should. It paired easily with my cloud and very quickly installed all of my apps, photos and contacts. 5 Star!"	1
"This phone is in excellent condition...have not connected it yet, but the physical condition of the phone is great!"	1
"This phone is horrible. You can access the internet easily but the touch screen is waaaay too sensitive, it&apos;s so slow, it constantly screws up texts, the battery life dies after a few hours even when you do NOTHING on it, and I would NOT reccomend it."	0
This phone is great. I love it.	1
THIS PHONE IS GREAT. I LOVE IT SO MUCH. IF I WOULD HAVE KNOWN HOW GREAT THE PHONE WAS I WOULD HAVE GOT ONE A LONG TIME AGO!	1
"This phone is great. Even though meant consider it old with the s8 out,  it really exceeds what you can ask for. With prices on it going down,  it's probably the best deal on am elite phone you'll find. "	1
"This phone is great.  It is durable and has extremely clear reception. I love this phone. I purchased this phone for my son, but instead I started to use it.  It is much smaller than a flip top.  I think it is a great value for the price."	1
"This phone is great,I am satisfied with my purchase.I like size and i like all about this phone.Very recommended to all my friends!!!"	1
"This phone is great, it has one of the best value per money I have ever seen. Its the first one to implement NFC and got official JellyBean update directly from Google. Factory unlocked are one of the best two words a phone can have."	1
"this phone is great, i have big fingers and can still txt on ti just fine...my old one gotdropped in water and doesnt work great nemore but still works i plan on getting the exact same phone once again"	1
"This phone is great, even better than that Samsung Galaxy Note 4."	1
"This phone is great, battery life, over all usage, and it is water proof. I love this and would recommend this phone to anyone"	1
"This phone is great,  fast.  Camera clean, easy to use,  its all you want in a phone,  i love it thank you"	1
"This Phone is great for the value and NO contract,  So Long Iphone....."	1
This phone is great for texting. Its so small and cute and fits in your pocket!The design is so different.	1
"This phone is great for someone new to Android, or who just needs to make and receive calls, and not much more...  BUT...  You will quickly find out that this phone does not have enough internal memory for more than a couple small apps, and the memory card does not help. You will soon find that there are so many apps you want, but cannot get because you do not have room.  Bottom line, this phone is only good for a short term intro to Android OS or a VERY light user."	0
"This phone is great but when I call or answer the phone it sounds like I'm in a tube, and can't hear the other side, speaker sucks"	0
This phone is great and has all the features like videos and great for text messaging.  I am very glad i bought this phone its one of the best phones for virgin mobile.	1
THIS PHONE IS GOOD VERY NICE  	1
"this phone is good quality, and just the right size"	1
This phone is good .I used it while in Africa.	1
"This phone is gold, not rose gold.  It is and iPhone 6, not a 6s.  It also is a POS, glitches, randomly starts trying letters and turns itself off all of the time."	0
this phone is flawless and in brand new condition no scratches or dings or scratches absolutely impeccable it's the best phone I've ever owned and factory unlocked i recommend this to everyone 	1
"This phone is fantastic, it  has same performance as a 1500$ phone. octacore processor, 4/64 GB memory, Sony Cameras, all metall house, 10000 mAh battery, the best I ever had. Android 8.1. Supersharp, LARGE screen. If you buy a fashion phone instead of this you been fooled."	1
"This phone is fantastic! It is so beautiful and being a nokia it is so easy to use, i found it perfect to use to take pictures of my little boy, brilliant camera as your phone is always close to grab those lovely pictures! I would definately recommend to my friends this phone who just love girly yet simple phones."	1
"This phone is excellent, I going to buy others. The price is very good. Excellent seller.I bought this phone for a gift, it has MP#, TV, and radio."	1
"This phone is excellent except  for one thing: battery. Easy to use, great for checking emails or ebay bidding or gtalk. But I advise to buy an extra battery."	1
This phone is exactly what my son needed and a great price thanks!	1
"This phone is exactly what it says.  Nearly indestructible, great battery life, charges quickly, and great for talk/text.  Great phone to give to a kid as it can't be used to access social media or even take pics.  Also a great phone to take along to places that won't allow camera phones."	1
This phone is exactly what I was looking for. The seller dispatched it to me and was helpful throughout to ensure I got the phone. It is a lot thinner than I thought it was and is beautiful. The battery life is impressive and interesting how they have done the power saving mode. It does take a bit of getting used to but the phone is helpful in setting up and explaining everything to you.  I would recommend this phone from this seller to anyone that wants the dual use and e-reader type screen on the back. 	1
This Phone is exactly what I was looking for.  It contains the quality in craftsmanship that I have become accustomed to in Motorola products.  It is a great fully functional phone.  I had it set-up with my old address book in about an hour.  Transfeered my ringtones and Pictures all and address book using the sync function between two phones using mototools.  Nothing but good things to say.	1
This phone is exactly what I wanted.  Very good price.  Fast delivery.  Can't tell it was ever used!	1
"This phone is exactly what I needed. My old version was pretty beat up, and this black and orange one works perfectly and looks great.  It was easy to switch the sim card and battery."	1
"This phone is exactly as the descriptions states. A great phone will all the bells and whistles needed for today's competitive smartphone market. A great deal on a phone that is brand new, without the need to lock into a carrier purchased device."	1
This phone is everything the reviews said it was.  The camera is amazing and the AI features are all very cool.	1
"This phone is crap we still cannot use it, even after contacting the seller it said it was unlocked it's not ,waste of money and I hate wasting my money"	0
THIS PHONE IS CONNECTED TO A SERVICE STILL AND I CAN NOT USE IT	0
This phone is built like a tank and is very easy to use worldwide.  The charging connection cover is a weak link but who cares?  I travel a lot and this is easy to change the sim card.  The camera is great.  I never use the 3G network stuff so I buy this as a great phone.	1
This phone is big but still better than other big phone. The speed is amazing and the picture quaility is fantastic. Its almost like you wen and bought a $1500 Cameron camera but better. 	1
This Phone is Being recalled. People need to stop buying these phone off eBay. Most other major retailers have already stopped selling them. Please do yourself a favor and wait for the new and improved phone  to come out in about a week or two. 	0
This phone is beautiful and can do anything other big brands phone can do.	1
"This phone is bad: the microphone does not pickup the sound, you have to shout load and the person on the other end can barely hear you.  The seller claimed it was new.  But what I know about Sony products and quality, he was not telling the truth.  Sony would have been long out of business making such low quality products."	0
This phone is awful. No memory of any sort. Battery life is horrible. You wouldn't want this phone even if it was free. Idk if it cause it's REFURBISHED. But not good at all. 	0
"This phone is awful! You can&amp;apos;t tell from the picture, but it&amp;apos;s H-U-G-E!! I got one for my teenage son after his phone broke, but this one is too big to even carry in his pocket. Also we were never able to activate the phone on our Sprint network. I&amp;apos;m not sure what the problem was, but my son &amp;amp; husband are both pretty good with electronics and this thing was just a pain in the arse! Even if we could have gotten it working, we would have returned it, though, because it is just plain humongous and not really handy for carrying around in your pocket - unless you wear cargo pants, I guess!!!"	0
"This phone is awful , terrible battery life and I wish I would have never bought this device "	0
"This phone is awesome, ive owned it for 7 months and its very convienent to use and the mp3 player is awesome. definitly would reccomend it to others!"	1
This phone is awesome!!! Nice service AAA+++++ its perfect!!!	1
This phone is awesome! The touch screen isnt difficult to use like others Ive used and it has a good battery life! I like that I didnt have to upgrade from my $10 internet to the $30 plan like with the other touch phones carried by t-mobile! I upgraded to this phone from the gravity 2 (which is also a great phone) and it has some upgrades that are awesome! Like having three wallpapers at once! And new software and apps! My only complaint is that the message alert volume is low and cant be turned up very high but the ringer volume is awesome! I love this phone!	1
"This phone is awesome! Nokia is back in black, Back in black!"	1
this phone is awesome!	1
"This phone is Awesome battery last long. Phone works really well, I would definitely recommend getting this phone if there are any out there. "	1
This phone is available directly from OnePlus for nearly $100 less with full factory warranty	0
This phone is an amazing phone for kids 10 and up! I bought this for my daughter and it still works perfectly! The camera is great and there are zero glitches whatsoever. Amzing phone	1
This phone is amazing. The screen really is HD. Crystal clear! The cameras are also good quality. The audio is very nice as well; it can get pretty loud. I would recommend this phone to anyone who needs a good quality phone on a budget. Attached are pictures taken by the rear camera (my bunny) and the front camera (my mom and I). The front facing flash is pretty nice as well. 	1
This phone is amazing. Ive had a lot of phones including other Blu phones but this one beats them all. Android is better than IOS. Google play has different apps than Apple that are better apps. The Blu phone is the perfect size. It works fast and the sound is totally awesome. Way better than Samsung.	1
"This phone is amazing, to say the least I mean plainly amazing I am so happy and so pleased well worth 200$ no doubt in that. "	1
This phone is amazing how	1
This phone is amazing great buy	1
"This phone is amazing even it is not a flagship device. Specs inside are very good, runs really smooth and even though it has a huawei UI over the android OS, it does a pretty good job. It has many useful apps that come with the huawei UI. Camera does a good job and the front camera is one of the main features. Battery life as in any smartphone will not last for several days but i end up with 30% and i use this phone from 7am through 10 or 11pm, so very impressed with the battery life. The design its very sleek and outstanding, you can feel the quality of the materials choice when holding it. Only problem i encountered was that i am not able to find a huge selection of cases as in other devices."	1
This phone is advertised UNLOCKED and it is NOT . It's also a Claro network phone that cannot be unlocked . Here is the URL that gives that info and the reason why . I have contacted the seller with proof the phone is Locked with a screen shot showing the Network lock status . They will NOT acknowledge the truth I provided . So far I've spent money two times to get codes to unlock this phone . It cannot be unlocked . Now you know why the price is so low . BEWARE  	0
"This phone is absolutely useless, it can&apos;t be used at all because it doesn&apos;t have a place for a SIM card.  And can NOT be programmed for use."	0
"This phone is absolutely useless, it can&apos;t be used at all because it doesn&apos;t have a place for a SIM card.  And can NOT be programmed for use."	0
"This phone is absolutely awful. The only good thing about it is the battery life. The airtime keeps turning off and back on when the service is good until 2017. The volume changes on it&apos;s own while the phone sits on the table untouched. The messages will not send, and sometimes you cannot even view them because the screen goes black. Horrible phone."	0
"This phone is a waste of time and money. Battery lasts for about four hours stand-by time. To use it i will have to keep it plagued in to power supply all the time. This phone is not a DREAM G2 is a NIGHTMARE G2, it&apos;s totally useless.  Don&apos;t waste your money."	0
"This phone is a waste of time and money. Battery lasts for about four hours stand-by time. To use it i will have to keep it plagued in to power supply all the time. This phone is not a DREAM G2 is a NIGHTMARE G2, it&apos;s totally useless.  Don&apos;t waste your money."	0
This phone is a straight forward device and easy to handle and navigate.  I am enjoying the features and ability to customize as desired!	1
"This phone is a pile of junk.  Screech's, and can't be understood. Don't waste your money!"	0
This phone is a piece of junk	0
"This Phone is a peice of junk, don&apos;t waste your money. Just save your money and buy something else, not worth the money"	0
"This phone is a nightmare. I've owned at least a dozen of phones over the past 10 years and nothing compares to this one. GPS does not work right no matter what G5 model you get. Signal constantly cutting out, already have an issue with the charging port. It's so bad I don't even feel right sending it back to the seller to deal with. I'll keep it as a spare but do yourself a favor and do not buy this phone. "	0
"This phone is a good phone and it does everything i want it to do.There is nothing i dont like about this phone.Ive had other phones and there very simular but this phone is stronger so if you drop it,it wont smash."	1
"this phone is a disappointment. Bought it in December and its already not working. It&apos;s crap. When u try to use it or dial a number to place a call, it rings once then a recording comes on. No calls are received, screen resolution looks primitive."	0
"This phone is 100% accurate to the listing. Works great and came with the original box, charger, and even came with the sim door key! A great seller."	1
This phone In very happy I bought from there store this phone is great I love it so my kids phones will be bought from them 	1
This phone I got the battery didn&apos;t work and there is a red line across the white part on the back that means that the phone got wet and will not connect to the U.S. Cellular tower. The reason I know that is because I bought a the same phone before this and it had the same problem (not the battery). I it would have worked i would have gave you guys all 5 strars. I am sorry I have to give you a bad review.	0
This phone have screen cracked and seller didnt Manson it Im not happy with that 	0
This phone have all features 	1
This phone has the burn screen not turned on	0
This phone has static when on phone it sucks cause you can not hear them. I bought it for my kids to use this is not worth a penny when you can not hear them. The phone arrived with instructions but the phone it self was in Spanish....I don&apos;t speak Spanish nor do I read it! my child brought it to school and had another classmate reset it cause her family was from mexico.	0
This phone has so many software issues it is unbelievable. It has the shortest battery life and won't stop crashing. Thought it may of just been mine so I bought another one. And they both had the same issues.  	0
"This phone has short life battery lasting less then 8hours. I have to charge this phone every single day. Also, it freezes. Something is awkward about this phone. I am not happy at all with this purchase. "	0
"This phone has severe crosstalk from the RF output into the microphone audio. In layman&apos;s terms, everyone you talk to will complain about buzzing sounds and those annoying cellular chirps and beeps. Spend more money and get a better quality phone."	0
This phone has serious reception issues ! This phone often would not pick up a signal at Disney World . I would avoid this phone completely in the future !	0
This phone has one of the largest screens in proportion to body.  I've had about ten of these.  Most were refurbished from eBay.  Many had problems receiving GPS signals.  One had a touchscreen issue.  They were easy to diagnose and return for a refund.  But the two that work well are the best phones ever!	1
This phone has one major problem that makes you have to reboot the phone  Too much. The screem will turn black in the middle  While you are using it and the only way to correct it is to reboot the phone. The phone dose not receive a good strong signal and keep it from the network. Also the storage place in the phone is very limited. All other operation of the phone is good.	0
This phone has off and on problems all the time. Mostly SIM card not being detected. Cannot  receive 4G coverage no matter what the settings.	0
This phone has no scratches or dents. The screen has no cracks as well as the finger scanner having no problems identifying your finger print. Never used but was removed from original package but still have original box head phones and charger. This phone also comes with a spigen case.	1
"this phone has nice features, but it&apos;s not good quality, i mean you can do many stuff like original iphone, and it&apos;s not functioning good, it just has camera like others, the GPS is just name also not working in here USA Chicago, so lets say it isn&apos;t functional phone or active."	0
"THIS PHONE HAS IT ALL IT IS STYLISH FUNTIONAL AND VERY WELL PUT TOGETHER.  THIS PHONE IS A GOOD BUY! WITH FEATURES LIKE BLUETOOTH, MP3, EVDEO HIGH SPEED INTERNET, SPRINT TV AND GPS AND ALSO SIRUS RADIO IT IS AN OFFER YOU SHOULDN&apos;T TURN DOWN"	1
"This phone has horrible reception, constant dropped calls and a battery that needs recharging half way through the day.  I would not recommend this phone to anyone."	0
"This phone has great screen, its fast, and has no cracks. Seller took excellent care of this phone. "	1
"This phone has exceeded my expectations in every way.    Apps, speed, speaker, functionality.    At first I was disappointed because the phone actually was locked which can only be used with an a t and t contract.  However,   I contacted a t and t online and they did send me the unlocking code.   I put my t mobile sim card and was able to unlock the phone and it's been smooth sailing since.   The battery life is excellent.   I listen to music much of the day and it last the day.     Speaker is clear and loud.    Phone use has been on point.    Internet speed is fairly standard from what I can tell and much quicker than my 2011 phone.       THis is marketed as a beginner/basic smartphone but to me it is anything but.    I think even a techie would enjoy this phone.     Compared to the price tag of other phones,  this is a very good deal to me with all the features that I need and more.      "	1
This phone has everything I need in a cell phone and more. I love the easy way things can be done. It is fast and lasts days on a full charge. Great value for the money.	1
this phone has been completely worthless. All parts were spoiled.    this phone has been completely worthless. All parts were spoiled.	0
"This phone has been a problem since I got it. If I switch between several apps quickly, it just shuts down (e.g. turns itself off). When I use the camera it shuts down a lot.  I really can't recommend this phone."	0
"This phone has been a big hit in Europe, where people drool over the features and qwerty keyboard - it has a great little camera, an MP3 player, a pull email ability and a mini-internet browser.  The phone is fully 3G running off a Symbian 60 OS and of course features the reliability of Nokia.      You won&apos;t find this phone new in the US anymore - Nokia US has discontinued it, but Nokia Europe offers it, and it is offered in most other places in the world.  Make sure you get 2nd generation and also update the software when you get it...but otherwise happy browsing and texting!"	1
This phone has be absolutely trouble free The best one I have owned completely satisfied.	1
"This phone has an old Gingerbread Android on it, and there are set apps that run, keeping the battery down. It is an open international phone that is limited greatly due to the type of android that it is compatible with."	0
"This phone has all the things you need, very good signal"	1
"This phone has all the functions I used in my Blackberry, but also has 3G which means it is compatible with in home microcell tower. Loss of wifi ability is not that important to me, the phone based web access is fine for my limited usage. Biggest problem is there are not any gel skins available for the phone when using the extended battery."	1
"This phone has a very nice design, plenty of memory built into 8G which is enough to store 1000+ or more songs.   One disappointment is the Camera. My previous Sony Ericsson W580i  quality of pictures was excellent compare to this one."	1
This phone has a nice feel to it. 	1
This phone has a lot to be desired. May be capable to do more if you&apos;re an expert with unlocking phones and adding modified software games and apps. but the stock tmobile is just not what you&apos;d expect a smartphone to be.   It&apos;s a window phone...never buying a windows phone again thesuck..	0
This phone has a lot of functions and works good. It is light and easy to carry. The shipping and delivery was propmt. I like this phone and would recommend it to people who like samasung.	1
This phone has a defective mic. I tried contacting the seller and they never replied . more than 2 months now ..please  help .. 	0
This phone has a crackling and noisy sound from internal speaker 	0
"this phone has a bad battery, it is not unlocked because it is not dual sim as the description says and the call horn sounds very low, please put more details you cheat me with this used producer, I can not use it for parts"	0
"This phone hardly have connection with my network and i have tried other phones and i realized the phone is bad.  Initially i was thinking it was from my network provider but later after using other phones i find out that the phone is bad and it was late for me to return the phone to the seller. The charger that comes with the phone hardly charge the phone and it did not come with the head. right now i am actually saving another money to buy another phone after spending over 200 bucks on my samsung galaxy s7. I regret  buying this phone, it has caused a lot of problem between me and my wife, each time she call me she can not reach me, when ever she send a message i won't receive it."	0
"This phone got to be a even faster one with the Symbian Anna update but gave a better all around interface experience when matured into Symbian Belle OS. Nokia has held back this Belle update in many regions so getting this phone with the update is a must. Average phone use with data will give you almost 2 days of running battery life without the need to recharge, decent for a smartphone. The camera features and the HDMI video connection give the sense of having a need for a separate camera or video recording device covered. If you have this phone and want to get the best of the Carl Zeiss Tessar 2.8/28 12MP AF lens for camera still pictures or video recording, you really need to get an expansion 32GB class 4 memory card for proper media recording speed and storing capacity. No Iphone or Android phone out there that can match the quality pictures of this Nokia phone. Also if you like to carry your multimedia with you, the FM transmitter on this phone will let you stream to the car with great sound quality. You will get free apps like skype, youtube, Shazaam, quickoffice, free Ovi maps for GPS use, and facebook and twitter social networking, so there is little need for a lot of smartphone comparison."	1
This phone for parts was useless.I should have contacted seller first.Even the screen wouldn't light. Brian I 	0
"This phone for isn't working right with boost mobile the net work freezes and stops, I have to call boost every day. And I can't get in touch with the company either "	0
"This phone features the best of both worlds. I really like having the keyboard for texting, but if I don&apos;t feel like using it I can always use the screen.  I don&apos;t understand why the demand for Blackberry&apos;s and Blackberry apps isn&apos;t higher. I finally understand why the term &quot;crackberry&quot; came about. Love this phone."	1
"This phone failed after just 60 days.  The seller indicates that it is a ""clean serial number: and is ""not blacklisted"".  Now that it has failed the seller has indicated that I should take it to Samsung.  I have contact Samsung USA twice, once they check the IMEI number they say they cannot do anything.  I contact Samsung UK since it has a UK address on the back, same, no help.  Samsung Mexico when contacted was able to tell me that the phone is from Thailand.  I contacted Samsung Thailand and they cannot help due to it was not bought in Thailand.   I have visited multiple Best Buy Samsung desks.  No one will help, Not Samsung, Not seller.  The phone is a poor value because you will lose your money."	0
this phone explodes	0
"This phone don't work, the Seller tojo0308  send the item damaged! beware!"	0
this phone doesnt work when u cut it on it just keep restarted over and over it has never worked since i got it i paid close to 200 dollars now what am i going to do?	0
This phone doesn&apos;t have english language which makes it horrible. If it had english it would be A-1. The details on the posting doesn&apos;t tell that it doesn&apos;t have that feature.	0
this phone does not work. I am very disappointed	0
"This phone does not work.  My carrier, AT&amp;T, said the phone needs to be thrown away.  I am going in circles with the seller.  He will not refund my money."	0
this phone does not work with T mobile 4G network. only 3G. useless.	0
This phone does not work good at all. It drops calls all of the time. It would be nice to exchange it for one that will work!    Garry	0
This phone does not work good at all. It drops calls all of the time. It would be nice to exchange it for one that will work!    Garry	0
"This phone does not hold a charge sufficiently. The first phone (same brand) I bought from the seller had the same problem. I returned to seller and he sent another--same model. This one has the same problem. If I use more than 15 minutes, it does not last one complete day."	0
This phone does not activate with Boost Mobile. I bought two and Boost Mobile could not activate them. 	0
"This phone does everything well especially battery life. It not a top tier phone with all bells n whistles but it not trying to compete at that level nor is cost at that level. This $150 phone is  quite incredible. Things that are really important it does very well. Such as battery life. 5000ma battery. Only the heaviest of users will kill this in a day. It also has the 3a Turbocharge which is really fast. Screen is bright and easy to read with night reading feature. Easy on the eyes. Sound is mono but super clear with depth and range. Also can get plenty loud when needed. Vibration is very good. There are also some cool Moto features you can enable to make your phone even better. The screen is also big at 6 inches but handset feels same as my old Nexus 6p. Speed is good and calls are clear with WiFi calling optional. The 5000ma makes the phone slightly heavier but I don't really notice anymore. Would gladly accept that for all the extra battery life.  If you want a great real world device that does the important things well and at a price that is reasonable them look no further. Also, I use Mint as my carrier which utilizes T-mobiles network. I bought my phone unlocked so I could use the Mint Simcard.  All-inclusive plan with 3gb data was $15 a month when you pay for a year in a"	1
"This phone does everything that I need, plus. It is very easy to operate. I bought this to replace another smart phone and performs better."	1
This phone does everything it says it's supposed to do and more. 	1
This phone does everything I need it to and more	1
this phone doent have andriod 5 has kit kat 4.2 	0
This phone different phone I ordered  I order ata or t-mobile they send to me for virzen 	0
This phone didnt work when we purchased.	0
This phone didn't show up in the davit said in the tracker. Then when we got it the phone has been wet and will not read a Sim card. Horiable Horiable. 	0
This phone didn't load properly only partially. After a few days when shut down the phone would restart itself repeatedly. Got very hot!!! Had to put it on nonflamable object until battery went dead. When recharged it wouldn't turn on!!! It is useless and would like to return for refund. Thank you.	0
This phone didn't come with a sim card so I can't even use it!  And yes I tried using my own sim card. What a waste not happy at all.	0
"This phone didn&apos;t work when i received it. nothing that was stated about this phone was true, it was the wrong phone, and didn&apos;t have anything the seller said it would."	0
This phone didn&apos;t work properly and the seller don&apos;t answer my emails to return it so I can&apos;t say anything about it	0
This phone did not work. We received it quickly though. The seller did offer to refund the money if I mailed out the product back to him. But is was going to cost me more to ship it back then what I paid for the phone.	0
This phone did not work when I received it. My money was refunded immediately and an apology. So nice to do business with honest people. I was totally satisfied with this transaction.	1
This phone did not work for me when i tried to activate it phone company advised me it belonged to someone else could be stolen 3 emails to seller now paypal is working on it	0
This phone did not even work and I could never get ahold of the seller.I wish I could say more about this phone but that is all I know.	0
"This phone comes with many limited options.   You cannot change the 'font style.'   Charger is European or Chinese style although seller proves a adapter.  It makes bulky to carry all.  There is no 'folder' app.   While you make a phone call and search app like address book, to go back to phone calling option to hang up the phone is not easy.   Home screen option is very limited.  You can't rearrange the home screens.   Some of the very useful basic apps provided by sony are not installed like 'memo', 'free office editors' etc...  Audio volume with two speakers is much weaker than my old LG G3 phone with one back speaker.    You can't even root it.    Stephen"	0
This phone catches everyones eye in gold highly recommand. Battery life is incredible with use. Coming from an s5 lasts longer. Overall great in everthing	1
This phone cannot be unlocked an as such is generally worthless. The phone does not have a replaceable SIM and cannot be used as an unlocked phone. Used the phones are worthless. They cannot be used on any conventional network.	0
This phone cannot be activated on U.S. Cellular!!!!  Do not buy it for use as a phone!  It is good only for parts or as a paperweight!	0
"THIS PHONE CAN NOT BE ACTIVATED WITH VERIZON, EVEN THOUGH IT IS EXACTLY LIKE MY OLD PHONE. THEY WILL NO LONGER ACCEPT ALLTEL PHONES."	0
This phone can no longer be activated through Verizon.  This phone can no longer be activated through Verizon.  This phone can no longer be activated through Verizon.  This phone can no longer be activated through Verizon.	1
This phone can do everything you need it to do for a lower price. This is a great first phone for your kids.	1
This phone came to us as a good working phone and after it was received we found out the seller had used it and then the phone was de activated by Sprint so the ESN was no good and it could not be used .... It was sold as a usable phone so was mis represented by the vender here ... eventually I was refunded my money for the phone  but I will never recommend any one that uses practices like this to another person	0
"This phone came as seen in picture, so far it has been great!"	1
This Phone by Samsung is one of the best cell phones I have ever had.  A must have for the thin flip phone lovers.	1
"This phone at first was the best thing I have ever bought from Ebay, but after two weeks or before it began to mess up. This was a HUGE waste of my money and time. Save your money, don't buy this.. PIECE OF CRAP.. The saler was nice, but this phone was not what i expected it to be. It is now in my burn pile waiting to be burnt. "	0
This phone arrived which one SIM card slot broken it is a used machine so I'm assuming it was never tested before it left that's why it's only getting one star when you sell a used machine you must make sure everything works when you say like new	0
This phone arrived in excellent condition looks brand new.  No scratches or marks I would buy again.  Fast delivery.	1
This phone arrived defective...it has been returned to Tracfone tech services for repair/replacement. Hopefully this is an atypical event and not indicative of the phone in general.	0
"this phone adds a plus sign to every incoming call and the plus sign is interpraded  as another number and doesn""t make my calls. i have to edit every incoming call to redail that number. I'm using the same sims card as my other phone that had no problems. i have read of many others with the same issue."	0
This phone actually didn&apos;t work for the carrier I had so I didn&apos;t keep it I sent it back. It only works on the old CDMA network it is not able to be activated on the new gsm network that most wireless carriers now run on.	0
"This phone (Blackberry ) was advertised as being remanufactured by the manufacturer.The Blackberry I was sent was not redone, it must be at least 5 years old is very dirty. Has a battery in it that does not belong to it. The add read the phone was with bell mobility, it isn&amp;apos;t it is with telus. I was charged double the amount that it really costs for shipping $20 and it was just sent standard mail $10 with no signature and no insurance . I sent a email with my concerns and was not even given a reply!"	0
This phone  is a piece of crap it will cut off when you are talking and freeze up cant get in touch with any one to get money back	0
This person sold a defective phone and then refused to refund per their policy when the phone was promptly returned. They only refunded half the money I paid for a new phone. It arrived completely not working and would not power on. They claimed it was new. 	0
This person sent me a locked phone. And I paid for an unlocked phone. And didnt get me a solution. Be careful when buy a phone to this seller 	0
This person is BIG FRAUD. DO NOT BUY ANYTHING!!!!!!!!!	0
This person is a thief and is already reported to Metro Police for sterling my phone.	0
This person ignores me I spent 50$ on nothing DID NOT EVEN SHIP ITEM  STAY AWAY 	0
This person has used my personal information to open a phone service without me knowing or asking me at all now they will not give me any of that information to fix the phone to be able to change services. I just wanted to purchase the phone not phone service! Now I can't do nothing except try to contact eBay.	0
This person got the money he never sent the phone don't deal with this person 	0
This person did not just sold me a defective item he sold me a piece of crap and make me lost my time with unlimited messages about returning my money and a hole month after I'm out of 60$$ and no longer answers. 	0
"This particular phone's Voice mail set up is only in Spanish; even when the set up says 'answer in English' is still answers in Spanish; I can't use this particular phone due to this as I do not fluently speak that language, rather English. it has many serviceable and fine features but since it appears the software has been altered, the Voice mail is no good for me, which makes it not useable for my family & friends to leave me messages understandable to me. I will not use this phone for this reason, though if I'd gotten a used one that allowed English to be used to both answer and take Voice mails in English, that is what I'd have preferred. "	0
This particular model blu phone is soo worth it	1
"This particular LG Shine phone had UNDISCLOSED WATER DAMAGE (BIG RED CIRCLE INDICATOR ON THE INSIDE), so NOTHING was salvageable on it for parts!"	0
"this particular iphone was damaged with a cracked screen and didn't turn on, the seller is a fraud to sell a product like this, this seller should be band from selling on ebay...I've still haven't received my refund after 2weeks. EBAY SUCKS they sell garbage all day long. "	0
This package never came	0
"This outfit is really LOW-Down,bought phone which had bad battery, so bought a new 1 then it would not take SD card so I have no use for it! Left Neg. Feed back they contacted my offered refund but said they could not Credit my Act. but offered to sent Check for $25. and gave Track no which showed a label was created and asked me to change Feedback so I did!    8 days later Track cant find item, I called them and they said they don&apos;t Sell on E-Bay and I had wrong Business!  How low  can 1 get, so I am out of my money and was lied to!    To me the Honesty is more Important than he useless item and all they did was lie to me!    I have never had such a Bad Exp! This is the worst Comp on E-Bay!    Don&apos;t give them ur Money since it sells Junk which don&apos;t work!    Worst Comp ever to deal with!"	0
This one just for one week used 	0
This old Nokia phone is (IMHO) the greatest Pnone of the classsical GSM phone generation! I use this Nokia as the second mobile (the first one is  Android phone) and I like to take this solid gadget and simply hold it in my palm :-)	1
"This Note 5 is awesome, I finally got my 64g Galaxy Note 5!. I searched for it for an hour. I bought it right then and It was delivered three days later. No mess and no headaches. Thanks Ebay "	1
this not a cell for I pay.....................................................................................................................................................................................	0
This Nokia is the most versatile phone I ever have used.  Easy to use and you approach it more of curiosity to enjoy its function.  You will discover several functions that is out of the ordinary...  I love this phone!	1
This Nokia is for my hubby valentine day&apos;s. Before that he use iphone3gs and he really don&apos;t like it. He said his notes keep loose. When he use nokia E63 he never get that problem so that why i have to find Nokia for him again. Now he got Nokia E5-00 and he just really love nokia.	1
This Nokia 6190 was advertised as not working.  The battery on it was not charged. I put a different battery on it from a different phone and charged it right up.  Works GREAT!!!!!!!!	1
"This model of Jitterbug cannot be used by another person, according to the Jitterbug representative.  Therefore, I just wasted my $$ on this product.  It has no value...NONE.  I'm very disappointed that I've wasted my RR on it.  The seller sent it in good shape and it's like new, but the SIM card cannot be changed and Jitterbug no longer supports the product. "	0
"This model is known for having microphone problems. This makes it difficult to understand on the other end of call.    The phone likely had not been checked out prior to shipping.  Having said that, the seller had no problem with returns."	0
"This mobile is refurbished, is not new. The keyboard is not working. I dont recommend this mobile nor the seller."	0
"This may be a good phone, but Straight Talk does not activate any phone that is not sold on their website, at Walmart, or Walmart.com. It came packaged with Straight Talk activation pamphlet but no SIM card. Even though the pamphlet had SIM card number on it."	0
"this man is a very bad seller, I won an iPhone 6 Plus at a very good price, and when I order the iPhone I cancel the order because I win the iPhone at a good price BAD SEllER"	0
This lumia Phone is a Wonderful at a even better price.. Performs just as smooth and sleek as other high price phones. Would recommend to anyone who likes the Windows os  	1
This looked like a nice phone but it&apos;s really hard to set up and the instructions are mostly in Spanish.	0
"This little phone is great for its long battery life, great reception, and compact size.  I have gone through many phones and this one is my favorite."	1
"This little phone has tons of features! I love the fact that I can put it in my pocket and it is so compact, and it will not &quot;pocket dial&quot; anyone! Had a few bar phones that I would forget to put on button lock and they would &quot;pocket dial&quot; my contacts! This phone you just slide it down and it is in the key locked automatically! Love the keyboard too! So much easier then using regular phone pad for texting or emailing."	1
This LG G4 was advertised as Unlocked AT&T T-Mobile phone.  It was network locked to T-Mobile and I was unable to use the unlock tool to unlock the phone.  Returned to vendor!	0
This LG G4 has a serious heating problem. It gets hot even from the most simple usage. It gets so hot that it can hurt to touch it to ones ear. The specs are very tempting and so is the price but it comes at a terrible price. 	0
This kind of action is not acceptable	0
"This Jew sold me a broken product. not enough half of the bolts on the phone. And the camera does not work. immediately produces an error. I address to you the seller your deceit to you will return a boomerang. very disappointed! the phone itself is in very bad condition, the whole is beaten and scratched, I realized that it is not new but not to the same extent. Now it is clear why he photographed it in the dark"	0
This items are in excellent condition and also arrived on time....thanks	1
this item wasn`t new and battery only 2 hours stand by . 	0
"This item was unsatisfactory, wrong advertized on the actual phone, missing charger, case, missing screw on the charger input, batery is bad.wont hold charge,earphone does not work..i wont buy another item this seller again...J.Agabin"	0
"This item was returned for malfunction and the seller did not refund back, now the seller is trying to re-sell this item, it is a fraud."	0
This item was returned because it did not function right and she had avoided me and has not refunded my money. Poor service!!!	0
this item was not working not unlocked cellphone i contac the seller but not response at all not recomend this seller negative feedback .	0
"This item was not as describe. It says BRAND NEW AND NEVER BEEN ACTIVATED, BUT IT WAS ALREADY ACTIVATED IN SOMEONE ELSE NAME. So i contact the seller, and it was very hard to get in touch with seller. I Had to email him over 15times, this seller customer service is HORRIBLE! it took forever for me to get my refund. The seller also tells me that he&apos;s going to cover the shipping cost. It&apos;s been almost a month, and i still did not get my refund for the shipping cost. I emailed him again, like 4times, and still no response. I don&apos;t like to leave negative feedback, But i&apos;m very pissed off about this seller. If you buy something from this seller, please be careful. i got ripped off, and i am going to report this seller to eBay and have them deal with this, because this is ridiculous. HORRIBLE SELLER!! PLEASE BEWARE!!!"	0
This item was never shipped at the time auction ended. Cancelled item on time 	0
"This item was never received , never sent by seller    I will tell the community : NEVER BUY FROM THIS SELLER      thanks, padelgado"	0
"This item was listed as a NEW item, when we received it we noticed the glue holding the box closed was weird but didn't think much of it. We gave this as a gift and when we went to help activate it we were told it has been previously activated to someone out of Nevada. The phone is very slow and doesn't always work as it should. "	0
"This item was in excellent condition when received, with very fast shipping. Very positive experience with ttem and seller."	1
"This item was for parts only but seller put a wrong condition, this item have many fails (display, sim card fail, bluetooth fail, wifi fail). Not trustable seller"	0
"This item was everything described by the seller, the seller was accurate with discription and condition of this item."	1
This item was described accurately. .. The shipping was lighting fast as well! Would definitely do business with seller again!  Thanks! 	1
This item was certainly NOT as described it was said it would work with my carrier and it does not and its ugly.  Pretty much got told to bad not my problem.  I will NEVER buy from this seller again.	0
This item was certainly NOT as described it was said it would work with my carrier and it does not and its ugly.  Pretty much got told to bad not my problem.  I will NEVER buy from this seller again.	0
"This item was advertised as being absolutely new and unused. However, the piece I received was clearly used, with signs of wear and even damage. The box was a white cardboard box with the Sony Ericsson logo printed on it and nothing else, clearly fake. Inside the box, the earplugs and the charger were also labeled Sony Ericsson, but the overall build was poor, clearly not manufactured by Sony Ericsson. No manual or other documentation accompanied the phone. In sum, a total fluke. Steer clear!"	0
This item was a replacement. It was as good as a new phone. It looks really good. I would recommend anyone needing a new back part of your apple phone to get this item. 	1
this item only worked for 2 days before becoming useless at performing what it was bought for. Unfortunately I am still waiting for a response on the return request I submitted roughly 3-4 days ago so I can again try to replace my personal cellular phone. 	0
This item obviously damaged and a lot of scratch on it. Also the power home almost gone doesn't work good it's damage enough this phone   	0
This item not unlocked not good 	0
this item is very good...and my mother loves her new cell phone.  it is very easy for using. also it very cheap	1
this item is the best thanks!the seller is very good this item is the best thanks!the seller is very good this item is the best thanks!the seller is very good this item is the best thanks!the seller is very good this item is the best thanks!the seller is very good this item is the best thanks!the seller is very good this item is the best thanks!the seller is very good this item is the best thanks!the seller is very good	1
This item is obsolete and can not be activated by great call. This was advertised as able to be put on great call network this is false. Don't purchase this model if u want put on great call network it's a waste of money	0
This item is not what it is because I got it and i use it the next day and the clip pop out of the case	0
"This item is not as stated it should be. It is infact a net10 provider rather than straight talk, in which I have no use for this item. In my opinion the research on this item was not completely accurate, and I will be more cautious in purchasing any items in the future."	0
This item is labeled brand new but its not. It has a different seal and it doesnt have apple stickers. It doesnt have a headphone jack dongle and it has an odd home button it is supper sensitive than the other iPhone 7 and 8 plus I have tried and it makes a loud sound when I press it. I bet this is refurbished. The screen looks a little off too.	0
"This item is junk. It did specify a tiny crack and that there was no battery or charger.  However it did not mention you cannot even put a sim card in it.  It is so old it should have been put in the trash. Which is exactly what I did when I got it...JUNK,,Thank goodness I paid a small price.  Things like this should not be sold...Buyer beware..My own fault, you get what pay for , too bad it was not even worth the shipping cost."	0
This item is in violation of federal laws in trafficking in counterfeit products.	0
This item is great for a slick look but probably not the best for protection. Still looks awesome though!	1
This item is defective....brand new in box and it doesn't work properly.  I now have to contact the manufacturer if I want any resolution to this problem.	0
This item is broken after a less than two weeks working.  The lights were annoying and durability was low.  Low quality.  I need to purchase another flip phone now of better quality.	0
THIS ITEM HAS BEEN RECALLED! Samsung is sending fireproof boxes for returns so they're pretty serious about not wanting anyone to use them. Why are you trying to sell this & risking people's lives instead of getting your refund? DO NOT TAKE A CHANCE ON BUYING THIS PHONE!	0
THIS ITEM HAS BEEN RECALLED! Samsung is sending fireproof boxes for returns so they're pretty serious about not wanting anyone to use them. Why are you trying to sell this & risking people's lives instead of getting your refund? DO NOT TAKE A CHANCE ON BUYING THIS PHONE!	0
THIS ITEM HAS BEEN RECALLED! Samsung is sending fireproof boxes for returns so they're pretty serious about not wanting anyone to use them. Why are you trying to sell this & risking people's lives instead of getting your refund? DO NOT TAKE A CHANCE ON BUYING THIS PHONE!	0
This item had more than normal wear. I am not happy with this service. Take real photos of the real item so customers can really see the product there bidding on. A blanket photo with some discriptive type isn&apos;t fair to the buyer when the purchase is&apos;nt the review states.	0
This item does not include free shipping. The post office will send you a fee of the shipping cost. 	0
"This item did not work. It was returned and I received a refund of the purchase price only.  Seller did not refund return shipping as promised, and did  not respond to my messages regarding a replacement phone or  how I can be recover the $39 activation fee I paid. I also have a bill for $37 for minutes I cannot use."	0
This item did not even arrive to my house but they still took the money out of my bank account. I was very disappointed with this product considering the fact that it didn&apos;t even get it	0
This item arrived as promised and is a new phone.  It works well and is easy to use.  It was just as described. I would recommend this seller.	1
"This isn't the seller fault. But the construction is atrocious. Of course you can't ask much for this price but they way they ""engineered"" the SIM and SD slots...After inserted the 1st SIM couldn't get it back out without damaging the connectors..."	0
This isa piece of garbage. I alreadysend a negative feedback to the user stating it&apos;s bad signal issues. It is is not a realiable phone. Sometime it shows good signal and sometimes it is not even if we stand under the tower. It is a waste money and totally useless.	0
This is way to much money for a iphone 7 plus I can get a gold one at the Apple Store for $299.99..  	0
This is used phone not new .... And seller is ******	0
"This is truely a Nice phone from Nokia, It&apos;s built like a tank(stainless steel)..Great reciption,voice clarity,excellent screen display(can see the LCD screen in direct sunlight),and the Wi-Fi / UMA is outstanding."	1
"This is the worst touchscreen smartphone I&apos;ve ever used.     The only positive moment is the one I bought it for -- small form factor. Although, it isn&apos;t that small, I used to own smaller one, but it was a bit thicker AND it had a keypad and tiny LCD.     Now, the negative moments, a plenty of. First of all, unresponsive user interface. You want to navigate, you swipe or you touch (like you would regularly do on any modern Android/iPhone) and ... you have to wait. After 0.3-0.5 seconds you get the response for your action. But sometimes, you won&apos;t. That is, you select the contact, you press on it to dial, you press the &quot;Call&quot; menu option, you see it being highlighted, but nothing happens. You press the second time - nothing. You get what you wanted on 3rd try.   Touch screen doesn&apos;t pick up sliding motions properly, you often have to redo them. It works fine with stylus, though.    Now, another thing with UI - it&apos;s convoluted with double confirm dialogues. And I do understand why is that -- because the touchscreen and OS are such a crap that phone receives a lot of false touch events. So devs had nothing to do other than just ask user every time he makes or wants to make a move. Want to dial a contact? Double confirm to dial. Want to open a directory? Don&apos;t just press on the dir name, but confirm with dialog you actually want to open it, not to move, delete or whatever.     Thirdly, the call quality. It&apos;s not about codec being used -- I could hear remote party over 3G like he&apos;s been talking over Skype -- incoming is brilliant. Outgoing - not quite so. People can hear what&apos;s going on around me (no surround noise cancellation), but not only that, I sounded robotic with a bit of squeaks inbetween :) Able to connect a headset over BT to the phone, but for 10 seconds only, after which it just &quot;disconnected&quot;. It worked fine on any of my other phones.     The 5MP camera... Well, if you&apos;d compare it with the one on iPhone 4... Better, don&apos;t compare.     The battery life... It ought to be much better. I still remember my small chineese keypad phone holding a week of standby charge. Oh, those times are gone long ago. You have to charge this one quite often.     The OS is a mix of proprietary stuff with Java. No Android apps, of course.   I didn&apos;t use internet on it, so nothing to tell you about usability of web-browser.    No support contact / number in case it gets screwed. No software updates. This phone is a dead end.    Afaik, it used to cost $200 in 2011. I got it for $39 in 2015 and I think I overpaid."	0
This is the worst smartphone! My text messages don&apos;t send most of the time. The battery life is short. It&apos;s just a piece of junk! What a waste of $100.00!	0
This is the worst phone I ever tried to repair. This really is a POS - It is Google locked no method of unlocking works that I have tried (which were many). There is no firmware on the internet. I have been searching for days. You can root it but there is no custom recovery (CWM or TWRP) and no custom rom you can flash. I will never buy any ZTE phone. I own 7 phones this is the worst ever. PS I have soft reset it and Hard reset it many times. 	0
"this is the worst experience in buying anything. almost 2 months later and i still don&apos;t have the phone. he never bothered to contact me,I had to contact him and he gave me some excuse about why i haven&apos;t got it yet and that he will resend it. That was like three weeks ago and i still haven&apos;t got it. I am staying away from this seller as far as the east is from the west."	0
"This is the tracking #( 9505516003887086084379) I just returned this phone because doesn't work, it is locked and can't activate with any company, thank you, after you receive this item please deposit my full refund to my PayPal account."	0
This is the third LG Shine that  has crapped out within the first two weeks of using it. Will never buy another.	0
"This is the shitiest piece of shit I've ever had. Its slow as hell and keeps freezing up, then I'll have to reboot it to get unfrozen. I'll never buy anything from you again , nor will I ever buy another refurbished phone again"	0
This is the second phone they have shipped me that does not work 	0
This is the second phone I buy from them . They have excellent customer service . Any problems get fixed quickly. Great job!	1
"This is the second phone I buy for my uncle, he liked it so much that when the first one broke he wanted an other just like it."	1
"This is the second Lumia 1520 with the same problem. It start doing stuff as if someone is touching it, when no one is touching it. Please let me know how to return it. And this time I'm not paying the shipping already did it last month and I was never refunded for it. It was another seller not this seller."	0
This is the second LG Rumor I have had. The first one I was very happy with it lasted sevral years which is not very common as i am pretty rough on my phones.	1
This is the second Epix purchase.  Battery life is very good unless you surf alot on the Web. I use for text and calls mainly.  Mouse is very user friendly and fixed Qwerty keyboard is great.	1
This is the Samsung that is the flagship and I can use bluetooth to listen to music all day when I ski and still take calls	1
"This is the phone I should have purchased instead of the S6 Edge! More features, such as water resistant ,upgradeable SD card, and replaceable battery.  Why Samsung went backwards I'll never understand. "	1
"This is the perfect replacement phone, cost 20$ because its just cheap plastic in a horrible mobile OS. If you break your normal phone like an iphone this is the perfect phone to use until yours gets fixed. It does the job, sends text, recieves emails, and thats about it, because any other app if your planning on using them suck on the blackberry."	0
"This is the perfect phone for those who just want to make & receive calls, as well as retrieve voicemail. This is all we actually wanted in a cell phone because it's simple & easy to use. It does have other features, but we do not use or need them. Tried a ""smart"" phone for more than a year & found it too complicated when all I wanted are a few basic features. The size is nice as well. Had zero difficulty entering contacts, choosing ring tone & volume, etc. I recommend this phone for anyone who just needs a phone for what they were intended to do in the first place.  "	1
"This is the part I was looking for my phone, and now is good, look like a new phone."	1
"This is the most underrated Android phone I've ever used. It has an awesome picture, consistent functions, very vivid and clear LCD, and a very long battery life. Using the internet, navigation, etc, the battery lasts will more than 24 hours. Definitely the 64GB memory and the 4 gig ram are fantastic. I recommend without hesitation."	1
"This is the last of the great phones.  Great human engineering-- you can open it with 1 hand without risk of dropping it.  Great battery life-- 3G features built into later phones chew up power for no benefit if you just use your phone for voice &amp; text.    When my old V3r broke, I got a V9 and hated it.  The V9 looks nice, but you need 2 hands to open it if you have big hands.  And if you forget to charge it one night, it is dead by late afternoon.  I gave the V9 to my daughter (now SHE hates it) and bought a V3i.  I&apos;m happy again."	1
This is the last best phone ever	1
"This is the greatest iPhone yet, with the advanced technologies and amazing picture and camera quality this is the ultimate social media/Internet/phone on the market."	1
"This is the first phone that collected moisture and was not covered by Samsumg or US Cellular. I would not recommend buying this phone. I only purchased this used one to use the &quot;guts&quot; in my case. The purchased one was pretty beat up, but worked great.    Also, the batteries don&apos;t last in this phone. I&apos;ve had it changed 7 times in the last three months. I will be looking for something different as soon as my contract is up."	0
This is the fastest phone I've ever seen. Faster then my iPhone x and the camera is AMAZING	1
this is the cheapest phone that metro pcs has in order to use data. not happy with it. last for less than a month before i had to send it to the nokia repair service. nothing could be worse than buying a brand new phone and having to send it for repair. it seems working alright now.	0
This is the best place to buy a used phone and if you do you will not regret it 	1
This is the best phone that I have ever owned! I like everything about it. I can use it without touching it! The battery last me all day and then I charge it overnight. It also keeps quiet from 10pm to 6am while I am sleeping. It has plenty of space for everything I need. It takes great pictures and 4k videos. It has a fantastic 1080 HD screen. I would recommend this phone to anyone that ask.	1
"This is the best phone of its generation in any features.  I used many years w810i, after this it was hard to change it new touch-screen or qwerty phones. I searched many places, but couldn&apos;t find suitable phone with good music and camera. So I bought from ebay (thanks to ordinaryworld) about 130$ with shipping. Now I use wi-fi, 8mp camera,as a walkman with 8gb memory,many other features and charge it 2-3 times per week.   In one words recommend to all SE lovers."	1
"This is the best phone i&apos;ve ever had..and i&apos;ve had a lot!! it gets reception that my Motorola could only dream of. takes better pics than my digital camera! doesn&apos;t have a flash or video capabilites...but not a big deal. Sound quality is great and the ring volume is excellent. I like this phone so much, that i bought my daughters the same phone and everyone gushes over it. It&apos;s so small and lightweight, you almost forget you&apos;re carrying it. it has a huge screen and even though it&apos;s small, the numbers are large enough to use with ease, for texting or dialing. I highly recommend this awesome little phone. We have 3 in our house and we&apos;re all very happy!!"	1
"this is the best phone i have ever had. very fast, camera works good,and the screen size is perfect i recommend this phone to any one    "	1
This is the best phone I have ever had! I have had 3 different Android Devices on 2 different carriers.  this is by far the best phone that I have ever had! the battery is amazing.  I have gone 2 and a half days without charging it.  The windows phone mango is awesome!	1
"This is the best galaxy I have used. Beautiful screen, long battery life, and I love the pen. I use it all the time. This phone is fun to use. Love it and highly recommend it. "	1
"This is the ABSOLUTE WORST transaction I've ever had on EBay. I buy absolutely everything on EBay, I literally shop on eBay every week, almost every other day , and I have for NEVER had this kind of experience. Unbelievably Horrible. As soon as I received the phones I took them to Sprint and Sprint said that they were  unusable, when I try to return them. The seller declined. I wouldn't of even minded an exchange but to just blatantly disregard your customer and not even try and resolve the matter in someway is just awful. I would never ever ever shop with them and I wouldn't advise anyone to either. I will not discontinue my usage of eBay just this seller. So terrible. "	0
"This is the 4th iPhone, Ive purchased... So I know that while this is the lowest price, it is definitely the best quality!"	1
"This is the 4th BlackBerry Passport I've bought. Now everyone in the house has one. To put it plainly, this phones OS (BB10) operates as close to a personal computer as you can get. It handles DLNA media sharing on the home network seamlessly. With the use of BlackBerry Link and BlackBerry Blend you create a virtual secure network that links all your personal and work computers together. Like a cloud, but no annual fee, no stolen information from foreign servers, and a level of remote file access only a VPN comes close to. Blend also allows you to mirror you phone to any tablet or computer. Leave the phone at home, no problem, log onto it from work via blend. Buy one, you won't be disappointed. "	1
This is the 2nd time I've ordered this phone with these people. Both phones said they were unlocked and both were locked. Both phones also says they come with OEM charger and they both came with mismatched LG and generic cords.  1st phone is processing refund minus $18.00 next day shipping and now I have to send 2nd phone back. BEWARE!!!!	0
"This is the 2nd Lumia iPhone & they work great for a great price,I'll buy another when the time comes "	1
"This is the 2nd LG Phone that I have had in the past two years. The first stopped working after about a year. It was an issue with the ribbon cable between the two sides of the phone. This phone did not work our of the package. It was not a new item, but it was refurbished. The charger would not charge the battery. The 2 button would just randomly push over and over. Many problems with this phone."	0
"This is supposed to be a ""used"" iPhone 3GS.  It if has ever been used, I can't tell it.  It looks brand new to me and works great!  Great price and fast shipping, too.  "	1
"This is such an amazing price and it came so quickly!! I have had no problems with it at all, it's like brand new! Also it got here in under three days, which was amazing! If you are debating on buying this, I say buy it! The charger that came with it is also great! My screen protector already had a scratch on it when I took it out of the box, but it is really fine because I didn't buy it for the screen protector!"	1
This is so damn frustrating! You sent me the wrong size!!!! 	0
"This is second one, broke first, purchased a different model but was not happy. I love the Nokia 1520."	1
"This is review is about the seller - the item was looking good on the bidding - I paid instantly by PayPal upon winning the phone.  I eventually had a mail from the seller telling me he would not accept PayPal, despite it clearly stating he did.  I than had to get the money back from PayPay and issue a cheque - all takes time. Eventually the phone arrived, in a reused envelope with a small amount of bubble wrap around the phone. Amazingly the phone was not broken into tiny pieces. The phone was in a disgusting state. Dirty, and very &apos;hacked at&apos; inside. The SIM connector had undergone some very crude soldering, with part of it damaged, rendering it unuseable. Also around the card holder was &apos;bathroom sealant&apos;, heavens knows why. A lesson learned here. £70.00p gone, it will end up in the bin."	0
"This is refurbished, I enter the code check to the phone was supposed to be black.  And the back cover buckle not live, may be the seller replaced the motherboard.  Loud speaker volume will break the sound."	0
This is really good phone it was new and perfect in shape but am very bad luck I used the phone for three days and my son drop the phone which crash the screen. But when I received it it's all perfect.  Thanks for fulfilling the promise. 	1
"This is really a nice phone as it has the latest OS7 and performs a lot of added functions.the memory capacity is ok for a phone.i sold this phone to a customer and she likes it.she does a lot of video recording with the phone.she stores  a lot pictures too.it is a perfect phone if you are looking for a phone that will give you a clear High quality recording picture,i will recommend this for you.the 4G data is awesome as customers request more of this phone because of his features.i will highly recommend it for a faster speed of internet."	1
"This is really a great deal. A new phone and 1,000 minutes for 40 bucks? Cant beat it!"	1
"This is pretty much the best phone at the price point of $100-150 right now. Flagship build quality, awesome cameras, 4gb of ram is plenty and still the amount being used in the newest pixels. The snapdragon 821 is very fast, no hiccups or lag.  The audio quality out of the headphone jack is great. MicroSD storage expansion is present as well. Plus the phone is waterproof!!   With the 3300mAh battery I get 4-6 hours or screen on time with LTE over the course of a day. This is double the battery life I got with my G5.  "	1
This is phone operates well but on a full charge the battery only last 5 hours.  I've had two of the same phone and they both had poor battery life.	0
This is phone did not come with battery and back cover. Won't be able to use it. I bought the phone to use it but can't cos it doesn't have a battery.	0
This is one sleeck looking item it is very responsive and contrary to waht critics might say the camera is very good in in day light areas overall good very discret not bulky and would recomend it to anyone interested	1
"This is one of those equipments that never gets old, very versatile, called the attention of every one by its yellow color and is a nearly indestructible unit, there is no denying the current phones have 80% more features than the sansung Rugby A837 but for hard work, exterior exposure and simplicity there is nothing better than sansung Rugby A837. Samsung Rugby is like an antique car you want to display shimmery at an auto show. This&apos;s my exact description of this phone"	1
"This is one of the worst cell phones I have ever purchased.  From day 1 there was something wrong with it.  The battery life is horrible and is usually drained by the end of the day.  The pink paint has work off all the corners and the back of the phone.  The back plate that holds the battery in does not attach anymore, so it is currently being held on by scotch tape.  Also, the phone came with no instruction booklet so figuring out how the phone works was a guessing game.  There are times when I am text messaging and the screen will just go completely black and then it takes about a minute or two for it to get back to its normal state.  I am extremely disappointed in this phone and will never order for this seller again."	0
"This is one of the phones Verizon has discontinued support for even though it is 4G compatible and Verizon will no longer activate this phone on to their network, so it is a useless product at this juncture."	0
"This is one of the best phones with the coolest flip feature, and all of the other things like a big screen and speakerphone add to the wonderful experience"	1
This is one of the best phones Nokia has ever made. Full set of features you will enjoy this phone.  Great battery life.	1
"This is one of the best phones I have ever owned.  Speakerphone is great, you can understand every word. Takes great pictures and you can download any song you want.  Love it."	1
This is one of the best phones I ever purchased	1
"This is one of the best phones ever, it has amazing features, for not being a smart phone, but it almost acts as one, it has the ability to give directions, which is a big plus, through the web, map quest,a lot of memory c apability, radio, alarms, agenda, reminder, it comes with many great features, it&apos;s easy to use and the camera is decent. I really value the Qwerty keyboard and it is very complete, I paid 25 dollars on ebay, as my other identical phone went out and needed a replacement, I was considering a smartphone, such as a Galaxy, but decided to stick to this one, as it&apos;s very good and for 25 bucks, can&apos;t go wrong! It is a great phone, it lasted 3 years, and I dropped it countless times.. It is durable, strong, resistant, the only thing is you have to be very careful with the keyboard and try to protect it, because the paint/letters peel off quickly, other than that, you really get your money&apos;s worth, like you have no idea."	1
"This is one of the best phones ever made!! It is very easy to use and you  can make it yours. There are a lot of wallpapers and apps that you  can put on it that makes it even better.(if that is possible)With the purchase of this phone, you  won't be sorry. This is the second one I have bought.the 1st one was for me and now my hubby has one too!! ENJOY~~~~~~ "	1
This is one of the best budget phones for the price that this phone is on sale.	1
"This is not worth your money.  I spent almost $120, for this phone to break in 2 days.  Completely, not worth it."	0
"This is not the real phone, go watch ""EverythingApplePro"" on YouTube, he will point out fakes.  "	0
This is not the phone I thought I was ordering!!! It's supposed to be a at&t go phone but the network keeps bouncing back and forth to Verizon then at&t. Completely got burned think next time I'll shop Amazon maybe i'll have better luck	0
This is not the item I received.  Misleading add. I was sent the 32gb and not the 64gb as stated in the add. I just did not want to go through  the hassle  of sending it back. Not  satisfied.	0
This is not the item i paid for. I received a different item that was broken.	0
"This is not the first nor the last time I will do business with this company, I have never had to call, they respond quickly to e-mail on shipping changes, truly remarkable service"	1
"This is not an unlocked phone. I purchased for my mother who is living in Sri Lanka. I have sent it to her, but it cannot be used since it is locked phone. Now, there is no time to get it back and return. I lost my money and highly disappointed about the seller.       "	0
"This is not an original Note4, It is close to it, I compare it to my Original Note4, The day I was getting ready to return I drop my LG Stylus in  a pud of water and I had no choice put to keep this phone. I hate it.  The back of the phone does not have the original cover, that is what me suspicious, I took picture of the phone and compare it and as well took it to Verizon, and true it is not an original phone. I just waiting to get a better phone. It keeps going on toff the network, yes I took a risk. bu never again with this company. Customer service is excellent, bu products is bad.  sorry this is what just happen to me. Customer trick me be careful, buy it you will regret.   Regards"	0
This is not an OEM item it's fraud and non-authentic got destroyed in a week.	0
This is not a product review since I never received the product and could not contact or even pay seller.    Ebay should have routines to contact members who sign off.    I won the auction for a Nokia cellphone but will never receive it.	0
This is not a new phone. It does not work at all and the seller will not reimburse you return fees! Be careful!	0
This is not a iphone 6s plus. This is just a regular 6 plus. Don't trust this seller avoid this seller. lies unresponsive .	0
This is not a good phone in this era. Features are not good. Android phones are better than these phones.	0
"This is my third one! I've had this brand phone for years now. I lost one, and broke two at work. ( I work at a youth detention facility.) I'll keep getting this phone as long as they make it!"	1
This is my second time to buy phone with them I received my items very quicky no delay and good condition.I&apos;m very happy.  Tks	1
"This is my second telephone eternity 2.I like because is simple to use,this one is for my mother,she is old women and she like to much."	1
This is my second one if u can operate windows 10 u can operate this phone 	1
"This is my second Droid turbo. The first one worked great. It lasted through an entire day even with heavy use. This one won't make it through an entire day with light use, and when it gets down to 15%, it powers off. It also doesn't get as good of a signal as my other one did. I am very disappointed in this phone and don't recommend buying it. "	0
"This is my second Droid Turbo. It works as good as my first which I had for 3 years, but replaced because I cracked the screen. Good battery life on this phone. "	1
This is my second Droid Razr M and it crashed on me.  This product stinks.  I keep getting the droid eye and it will not boot back up.  I would not purchase this phone again.  I thought it might be a fluke with the first.  So disappointed and frustrated.	0
this is my second breeze.  I like the operating system which makes using the phones functions easy.	1
"This is my second 1020, the first met its demise with a cracked screen.  It is cheaper to replace the phone than repair the screen.   The phone I received was in ""like new"" condition.  I prefer the ease of use of this Windows phone. I care not so much for apps, I prefer the high resolution camera feature.  When shooting a lot of video or streaming video, the battery does go down more quickly than it would with modest daily use.  However with portable charging options almost everywhere, this is not a deal breaker."	1
This is my my second phone like this and I must say that the first one was better than this one. The phone keeps crashing. It's impossible to search on the internet. A total waste of money. 	0
"This is my fourth Samsung phone and by far the most amazing piece of technology I've ever seen ! And only two weeks , I must say, I love this phone !!"	1
"This is my fist purchase on ebay, and i was deeply disappointed.i  needed a phone and i bidded for one,but when i got the phone it was not the very one advertised.this is the IMEI# 1067000283240  i bidded for and here is the IMEI# 010627000848406  i got. besides, it does&apos;t hold charge for few hour and when i complained to the seller, he promised to send me a battery that works since i told him i would like to send back the phone.later he changed his mind and started asking money for the cost of the battery he promised.at the monement in using a friend&apos;s phone until i can afford a better one.thanks for your concern about  my opinion on my purchase on ebay.     here is the seller&apos;s mail to me(Date: Tue, 24 Jul 2007 16:10:11 -0700 (PDT)   From:  &quot;P2O&quot; &lt;phonestoown@yahoo.com&gt;  Add to Address Book  Add Mobile Alert   Yahoo! DomainKeys has confirmed that this message was sent by yahoo.com. Learn more   Subject: Re: Fwd: Re: Your eBay item has been received   To: &quot;Darling&quot; &lt;buzocise@yahoo.com&gt;       I will send you another battery..."	0
"This is my first very bad experience bidding and winning an item on ebay. Please do not do any business with this seller. I tried numerous times to communicate with this seller with absolutely no response for nearly one month. I was forced to file a case and ebay has issued a refund to me. I hope this is a one time problem. Sincerely, jackie jo"	0
"This is my first very bad experience bidding and winning an item on ebay. Please do not do any business with this seller. I tried numerous times to communicate with this seller with absolutely no response for nearly one month. I was forced to file a case and ebay has issued a refund to me. I hope this is a one time problem. Sincerely, jackie jo"	0
"This is my first smartphone, my carrier is Tracfone so it doesn't have as much memory as I'd like but I love it. It does what I need with calls, texts, listening to music, watching Netflix or YouTube and the directory from Google maps, well that is my savior because at times I tend to get lost. I'm sure that not being computer savvy there's more, I just haven't figured it out yet. But I do know I love it!! I bought 4; one for me, one for my son and 2 other friends. I highly recommend it if you want a great phone for a better price."	1
"This is my first smartphone and first Blackberry purchase.  What a great phone!  I bought it because I have been with Virgin Mobile for years and love their service, package price, and the fact that I don&apos;t have to sign a contract!  This phone does it all, and I&apos;m only paying $35 per month for unlimited web, texting, and 300 minutes of talk time!  I highly recommend this phone, as well as Virgin Mobile!"	1
This is my 3rd treo 680 and my 5th palm. The 680 is the most usefull for me. They are very durable and palm has multiple software upgrades at no cost from the palm website	1
"this is misleading, its an asus zenfone 2 laser not 3...                                                                                      "	0
THIS IS ME REVIEWING A PRODUCT I WAITED 2 MONTHS FOR AND DIDN'T GET. I WISH I COULD GIVE 0 STARS.	0
This is just horrible.  The power button stop working a week after getting it.  It's cost as much to repair the phone than it does to buy it.  	0
THIS IS JUST A QUICK NOTE TO EBAY CONSUMERS TO BE CAREFUL WHEN YOU PURCHASE A CHEAP CHINESE IMPORTED CELL PHONE.    1)  IT HASN&apos;T BEEN TESTED BY THE UL LABS HERE IN THE UNITED STATES.    2)  MOST OF THESE PHONES HAVE POOR SIGNAL QUALITY AND THIS CAUSES THE BATTERY TO DRAIN VERY RAPIDLY.    3)  CHARGER MIGHT POSE A RISK OF FIRE.    4)  WARRANTY THAT COMES WITH THESE CHINESE PHONES ARE HARD TO DEAL WITH.	0
This is fine for an emergency phone that it was cheap in price. It just doesn't transfer data that will win loaded with apps. Gets the phone job done though 	0
This is far better than my S7 Edge and gets better gas mileage to the charge.  Once you buy it you'll be glad you did trust me its smooth riding Cadillac disguised as a phone!	1
"This is fake iPhone this is not a new phone, do not buy it "	0
This is factory unlocked! Works with any SIM! The Froyo 2.2 has quite a few improvements over older Android systems. The Dell Stage is nothing to rave about but is just ok. I do not like the text messaging layout over past Andriod versions. The older versions has your comments justified to the right and the other party justified to the left. On Ver. 2.2 everyone is justified to the left making it hard to seperate what you said from what they said. Battery almost makes it though a day so I would recommend getting a few extra cables and a car charger.	1
"This is extremely good value if this is true. Ebay should be able to quickly identify these type of sellers where the main objective is perhaps to accumulate capital at the expense of Ebay buyers. Yes, ebay will refund but in the meantime, the buyer is left waiting and waiting for the product to arrive. The seller does not respond anymore when asked about the status of the order. These type of sellers should be banned immediately in Ebay as it puts a dent on the online buying experience. My confidence in ebay is beginning to get eroded because of this type of sellers and others who claim one thing on their product page but it is not. "	0
this is excellent but is it all a joke i mean ive wanted a blackberry for ages and then it said on this one its only a couple of quid is this real.	1
"This is even better that I had expected. I had an 820 before and had not expected much of a difference and while there are many similarities, the 920 is definitely much better in every way. Windows phones all the way!"	1
This is crazy! I've been consumed dealing with the demise of my sister and 30 passed sooo fast now I can't return or get my money back 	0
This is by far the worst seller I have ever dealt with on eBay. 	0
"This is by far THE WORST CELL PHONE I have ever owned!!  Only good thing about it is it&apos;s size.....super thin! Battery life was terrible; kept freezing up whenever writing a text message; etc, etc, etc.  It would have cost me too much to ship it back for refund....so I&apos;ve just checked this one off as &quot;lesson learned&quot;!!"	0
"This is by far the best small sized phone, does almost everything a full sized iPhone does and is much cheaper."	1
This is by far the best rugged phone I ever owned.	1
"This is by far the best phone I have ever owned.  For starters, it has the most high quality screen in the world available for a smartphone- 1440 X 2560 for pixels, making it a 2K Quad HD Phone. The only downside of this is that it eats up the battery pretty fast if it's on maximum brightness because it has to support all those pixels.   The Color OS, which is powered by Android Lollipop, is the most customized and convenient UI I have ever seen. It unlocks amazing capabilities like sliding 3 finger to capture screenshots, sliding 2 fingers to adjust volume, pinching the screen to open the camera, etc. You can also use gestures on the screen when it's off to activate things such as the camera and flashlight, and that too is customize-able to meet your preferences. Oh, and you can double tap the screen to wake it up.    The camera is a true work of art. It has a 13 megapixel sensor which can combine multiple shots in Ultra HD Mode to create a 50 megapixel image - though this only works if you have a tripod or something to keep the phone from shaking too much.   If you live in North America, make sure to get the US Version, otherwise you'll be stuck at 3G speeds. I use Straight Talk on the AT&T network as my provider and pay $45 a month for unlimited everything 4G, so it's crucial "	1
"This is by far the best phone I have ever had.  It is able to do everything I want it to do, and on top of that, the screen is perfect!  The scrolling on the screen is also very smooth!  I highly recommend the Pantech Laser!"	1
THIS IS BY FAR THE BEST CELL PHONE I HAVE EVER OWNED! THIS PHONE IS AN IPHONE KILLER. WINDOWS MOBILE 6.5 IS FLAWLESS AND FAST 1GHZ PROCESSOR IS CRAZY FOR MULITY TASKING. EVEN THE ON SCREEN KEYBORD IS VERY FINGER FRIENDLY. I WOULD RECOMEND THIS CELL TO ANYON!	1
This is by far one of the worst tablets ever released.  I bought one for my daughter and even she was .  Not worth$60..  Save your money. 	0
"This is another reminder that you only get what you pay for.  The response on the touch screen is ridiculous.  You have to pound it sometimes.  Battery life is very short, 14 or 15 hours if you are lucky.  Instructions were my first tip off that I probably made a mistake.  They were translated from Chinese and translated poorly.  My two biggest complaints are that the software required to use this thing is sketchy and unreliable.  It screwed with my phone big time.  If I wasn't using the watch for a phone call, even if I had the watch disconnected from my phone, it caused the standard function of a phone call on my cell, not to work.  I had to text with people to communicate.  The second large complaint I have about it, is the range.  This thing will disconnect after 10 feet of separation.  This horrible range makes it un-usable for what I was trying to accomplish with it.  My wife has a hard time keeping track of her phone around the house.  So not only can she not find it on a regular basis, she then does not respond to my texts or phone calls fairly regularly because of that.  The settings are frustrating...you think you have it set for audible ringing and it doesn't ring, vibrates instead.  You think you have turned certain things off, and they still keep showing up.  Even if"	0
"this is an old review I had on phonescoop- now i own the chocolate touch    I had this phone for a short time before I had owned the alias. It was *decent* but it would&apos;ve almost met the 4.0 rating if the send button had worked. The send button worked weirdly because I would go to send a text message and the phone wouldn&apos;t send. I tried to send it with the ok, and it wouldn&apos;t let me, I had to take out the battery and power it back on. The battery was honestly crap to tell you the truth and it has never held a charge right. You literally have to have it on charge for 3 days to get a decent charge.    I was still in my 30 day choosing time and told Verizon I would want to get a different phone I had been looking at.    Anything better then this unreliable thing.    As the style and camera rating goes this phone was great, but if you plan on texting it is junk for that."	0
This is an old phone. Bought it as a joke and don&apos;t even have a charger for it. It is great as a gag gift but probably not very useful with today&apos;s technology.	0
This is an old fashioned flip phone.  I have been using this same model for years and have had to replace them several times but I know how to use it and have no desire to learn how to use a smart phone. All  I want to do is make and receive calls.	1
"This is an great phone, with good battery life.  Super easy to use."	1
This is an excellent renewed phone. Great screen and cameras. Battery is okay. Very good value. 	1
This is an excellent phone. Operates smoothly and quickly. Camera works great.	1
"this is an excellent phone,i&apos;ve been meaning to get one for a while now.it&apos;s very simple to operate."	1
"This is an excellent phone, my brother has one and is cery satisfied with it, the color and all the apps available makes it a nice phone. By the way it is a 4G phone with Sprint service.."	1
"This is an excellent little phone, and is great for anyone looking for that old school feel. It has all the amenities of a modern smart phone as well, as the top half is still a touch screen. Something about having that analog keypad is so satisfying, and brings back great memories of the Moto Razr days. Build quality of the phone is excellent, and no part feels cheap or flimsy.  All my friends who've seen it are first bewildered, then intrigued. It isn't difficult to get used to at all. And lastly for the price, you can't beat it."	1
"This is an excellent cellphone, it has a very good graphic quality, it&apos;s very easy to use, excellent camera, the touch sense is awesome, the sound is PERFECT, and the phone has a FM radio, many sites says there is no radio but is does have it.  The bad thing is that in all specifications says that the HTC one V; has 4GB of internal memory, where on the phone as total internal memory you only have 0.94GB; I was searching info about it and all comes to this comment that I found on the web &quot;I have contacted HTC and have been told that the 3.1GB is taken by the software, and that they do give information on the website:&quot;The available storage you can use will be lesser, since the phones software occupies some storage.&quot; but don&apos;t take me wrong, it&apos;s a 4.0.3 Android Software, so i recommend you to buy the 32GB sd-card like i did and you will feel delightful with this cellphone.      And there is nothing better than the free download apps ;^)    Bye !"	1
"This is an excelent phone!  I utilize all the features for school and work. Thank you for contacting me aobut the delivery issue, and it deliverd very fast.  Thank you so much and have a great weekend."	1
This is an awesome value for the Samsung Galaxy S8. I'm so glad I purchased it and the camera is amazing.	1
"This is an awesome phone and very easy to text on :) I am a texter so this is very important to me :) also I love that it has its own mp3 player in the phone, thats really handy :) really nice phone here!"	1
"This is actually a clone of the real Dream G2 phone.  I would accept this as the price was much less, however, the firmware on this phone is not ready for prime time.  Let me count the ways:    1) Bluetooth was so weak that I could only get a connection to my motorola earpiece from about 1 foot away.  This same device connected to my wife&apos;s phone from 30 feet.    2) The e-mail doesn&apos;t allow an SSL connection to the pop server.  It also only allows you to download 50 messages and then quits.  There is a setting for this, but 50 is the highest setting.  Clearing the first 50 and downloading the next set doesn&apos;t work either.  It downloads the first 50 again.    The Google mail function shows a logon screen with userid and password entry boxes, but there is no way to enter any data into these boxes.     3) The only Google app that works is the Google Maps.  The other functions don&apos;t work at all.    4) The Camera doesn&apos;t work.  I have to push the &quot;take&quot; button many times and eventually it will take a picture.  It then displays the picture sideways, and when I turn the camera it changes to keep the picture sideways.  I can turn off the ACC function and then it will only take a picture in &quot;Portrait&quot; orientation.  It will never take a picture in &quot;Landscape&quot; orientation.  Even then I still have to press the &quot;take&quot; button many times to get a single picture.     5) The calendar will not allow me to set a yearly repeat.  This makes it unusable for birthdays and anniversaries.  The task function allows me to set a task with an annual reminder, but it doesn&apos;t show up in the calendar.    6) When the phone is turned off for a while, and I unlock the keyboard, then I can&apos;t lock the keyboard again until I go into Settings-&gt;Security and change the keyboard lock (back to the same thing it was already set at).  I can then lock the keyboard again."	0
"This is a worth upgrade from the key1. It feels so much faster, it has double ram compared to the key1, camera, i love the camera pictures are so much better than the key1. Better for multitasking due to the 6gb ram. with 3gb ram apps tend to reset because phone runs out of ram and start shutting off apps that are open.   It feels super light and small even tho it has the same screen. GET A SEIDIO CASE! The phone is kinda slippery due to the metal, if you have big hands you're going feel like the phone is gonna slip off your hands and break the screen. Seidio case does the job perfectly. Im rocking it without screen protector.  The screen doesnt get as smudgy as the key1 "	1
This is a wonderful replacement phone. It functions well and has decent battery life. It works better than the phone than It replaced	1
"This is a wonderful cell phone!  It is everthing you said, it would be.    Thank you for the fast shipping! My other phone was barely hanging on."	1
"This is a warning please be careful !!! This tablet is FAKE in my view the RAM is 1GB NOT 4GB and the ROM is 12GB NOT 64GB. I am very disappointed because these are the tow factors that made me buy this tablet. Unfortunately this tablet is from a US store, US stock and US seller NOT from china cheaters "	0
"This is a very useful phone, the only thing is that the phone is not purple mirage but pebble blue and when I bought it, I thought that I was a buying a purple mirage one. In general I love the camera features and the easy way of use. I would recommend this phone to all of my friends because it really worth the value and I can honestly say that it is a new life experience."	1
this is a very poor seller sent me the wronge phone I ask for a refund and still no reply looking to make a quick buck from people	0
"this is a very nice phone with a good flash and camera. i like it,. i have had the same phone more than 3 times and the reason is because i purchase 1 and then 3 months after i sell it and then purchase another and the same ."	1
"This is a very nice phone for the price. I looked around for awhile befor picking this one. It has all the features of the bigger, more expensive Galaxy S series phones, at a fraction of the cost. I was concerned about the amount of memory,but i put in a 16g sd card, and it seems my apps go to it. I hope to someday have a Galaxy S4, but this is my first truly smart phone so for the $200.00 for an unlocked version tied with my unlimited $45.00 a month plan, its a great deal. I cant give a bunch of techi details, but the battery lasts about 1 1/2 days with moderate use.Very nice size, fits in my shirt pocket. Screen is bright and easy to read. It never freezes and glides along when moving from page to page. Comes with most any task type app already loaded, though some are kinda just different ways of saying the same thing, I can takes notes in 3 different places. Its a very good phone."	1
This is a very nice phone for the price. I had one question for the seller and they responded to me very fast. I am very pleased with the phone and the seller.	1
"This is a very nice cell ,I Recommend it "	1
"This is a very good smart phone, easy to use and configure, and works with all the providers. The 525 continues to be an extremely well-built device for the price"	1
This is a very good phone. As New . The battery is a long life brand new up to 13 days Stand Bye time. Recommended produkt.	1
"This Is a Very Fine Small Phone, I just took it on a trip to Hawaii, and it worked great. Easy to store names, numbers, or pictures. The Battery  holds a charge for several days, When needed, It Charges fast. Has great sound. One of the best , Easy to use for phone calls ,Text, Pictures,. Cheaper phone, But Very Dependable for Normal everyday use.I think It is Great for General Use.!!!!!"	1
"This is a very dishonner person, after recieved money from paypal and then refuse to ship the phone, please DO NOT deal with this person, will take this case to ebay to suspend this seller and I&apos;m expect refund"	0
"This is a very dishonner person, after recieved money from paypal and then refuse to ship the phone, please DO NOT deal with this person, will take this case to ebay to suspend this seller and I&apos;m expect refund"	0
"This is a very basic cell phone.  There is  no camera, however, it is an excellant cell phone and holds a charge for a week or more.  The cdma technology works well in remote areas.  I think it is a best buy."	1
"This is a VERRRYY difficult phone to work with , unless you are tech /cell phone  wizard. Learning- through trial and error  to make a call  took 20mins .  Also mine came (bought at ebay  beginning of  April 2016 and it sat,   sealed until, I could get  screen protection and a case  . Both are a pain to get sent quickly and are not good unless you buy a  Tempered  Glass screen protector -buy it on ebay or else it will be $40 !?!!!  Seller on ebay  was  $6 +     This phone is basically about ""dabbing"" 2 times to get out what you want in app and widget.   Disappointing  in   accessibility,  and befuddling in many ways .excellent in   Good battery duration. Haven't used the camera or video or Harmon Kardon sound system.      All in all ,not what I expected, BUT I'm going to learn what I can  , and eventually sell it "	0
This is a Verizon locked phone. It will not work on other networks. 	0
this is a use or refurbished cell phone it is not new as they say i can't use it the guarantee is not true 	0
"This is a T-Moblie phone and I got it for use with AT&amp;T. Seems like its fine with the AT&amp;T network. I like the phone. Very rubery like so it won&apos;t slip out of my hands. I drop a lot of phones. Very cool design and handy too. You can listen to music on it like it was a MP3 player and its a good phone as well. Just like any other phones out there, it does just about anything. I like it. Recomended for any one who just wants a good reliable phone. Motorola is the best, I feel, out there you can get. Great company."	1
This is a scammer using an American address but the phones are made for European countries not for America. Ebay will not do anything about this scammers so you lose your money. 	0
"this is a scam, apple website sells them max 800"	0
"THIS IS A SCAM!  DO NOT BUY!  My aunt recently bought me one of these for my birthday.  It is stolen. Neither eBay nor the seller take responsibility for it.  It is still under the NEXT ATnT payment plan, but the original owner stopped the payments so ATnT locked it until is paid in full. Already went to the store, costumer service, ebay says its not their problem. The seller says its not its problem. I might not be able to fix this issue or get my money back but if I can help anyone else not get scammed its worth it.   Prove me wrong seller? Here is the IMEI> 354827090903442 Why dont you pay it off, if you do ill remove the review and write a new one.   You all can go to the atnt unlock webpage and enter the IMEI youll see that it wont let you because its under a payment plan. a payment plan that was not honored, and then just sold to people online to deal with. "	0
This is a really good phone man I got mine directly from them for 950 and it was good it's so powerfully and beautiful I could easily open the phone just by looking at it and I will buy another one for my family	1
"This is a really good phone for the price. If you are searching for a good phone. With a bigger sized screen. And smaller sized price tag give this one a try.  Easy and simple to get use to using. It is also pretty fast, Compared to phones 3 times the price. Have not had any lag screens or freezes.  Takes decent pictures, front and back camera.  This phone It is very light weight. I would suggest buying a cover for the phone. The battery last pretty good if you don't keep a lot of apps open. Like any other phone... And having 16 GB storage doesn't hurt either. Even though you don't get the whole 16 Gb.!!!! And you cant move apps to sd card. It would be nice if you could.  All and All, I am having a great experience with phone. Try it, I don't think that you will be disappointed. "	1
This is a really good little phone.	1
This is a really excellent phone. it is one of the best blackberry. Very fast in any way. I have been using it for a very long time.	1
"This is a quality smartphone, and easy to use."	1
This is a quality phone works well but not touch tone. I should read more before i bought. I don&apos;t know about battery life or ease of use didn&apos;t use it much still in box !! Thank you Ebay !!!!	1
This is a phone made exclusively for T-Mobile. Samsung and Tmobile worked together to create this phone and Tmobile put alot of their aps -which you cannot uninstall. These Tmobile aps eat up half of the phone&apos;s memory. I could only put about 4 aps on the phone and then the phone stops receiving text messages because there is no memory.	0
This is a perfect phone for my husband who refuses to move into the 21 century!	1
"This is a nice smartphone.  Definately, a step up in the blackberry world.  The feel and nice display makes you think you have an android.  This is my first OS10 Blackberry and I&apos;m very happy I selected this device.  This works great on the updated device software and looks really sharp.  The camera pixel is super HD and takes professional looking photos."	1
"This is a nice phone, does all what phone should do, very satisfied with price and delivery time, battery life is good: from 8am till 8-9pm if using e-mails, calls SMS and some other futures.  Overall phone is great, light wait, camera is just perfect"	1
This is a nice phone to look at.But i have be unable to use because it is not a verizon wireless.Verizon has know ideal who it belongs to so im still resecarching this phone.	0
This is a nice phone for the money. Works fine for my needs.	1
This is a misrepresented item.. It's sold as a new unopened box cell phone. After I had the umei number run by AT&T I found out that it had been activated twice in 2018. They're selling a used phone that was defective as new.  When I attempted to return the item they tried to bypass eBay policy and have me email them instead of going through eBay for the refund.  Definitely a untrustworthy seller that should be avoided.	0
"This is a junk phone. I kept wondering why it keeps dying at 40%. I looked it up, and everybody has this problem with this phone."	0
this is a joke I never got the phone	0
this is a horrid phone.  we have to go get another one it does not work... i would really like to get my money back.  i will send the phone back too.  3/4 of the time it doesn&apos;t work... no service etc..	0
"This is a high quality phone.  It feels solid, which any well designed electronic piece should.  I bought this phone because it is reliable, and has many features that I can use while traveling.  It is a bit dated, but an older Motorola still trumps most brands for a work phone."	1
"This is a high quality phone for less. Its functioning as intended. No issue. However, the lack of a camera and unrestricted wifi capability even though its indicated as having it was a turn off.Other that,I am satisfied."	1
This is a great starter phone for a young person. Inexpensive and fully functional.	1
"This is a great product! But it can be expensive! I&apos;m glad I found www.ultimate-free-gifts.co.uk where I got mine for free :)     All I did was sign up and then completed ONE offer. I recommend the Seattle Coffee offer as it is    FREE to complete and takes a few minutes!     There are many alternative offers you can complete such as the King.com offer where you have play through $5. There is a chance you will win your money back anyway!   Or maybe you would just like to rent a DVD from Columbia House DVD...the choice is yours.     There are many other gadgets I can get for free this way, such as consoles, iPhones, iPods, Plasma TV&apos;s and the list goes on     Visit: www.ultimate-free-gifts.co.uk     before you think about putting your hands into your pocket for this gadget.     The site can afford to send out these &quot;free&quot; gifts because you have to complete an offer first. They get paid commission when me and you do so, which is used to buy the gift with money left over as profit for them!     I hope you enjoy the extra £££&apos;s saved in your bank account from using ultimate-free-gifts.co.uk :)    www.ultimate-free-gifts.co.uk"	1
This is a great product at an amazing price. It arrived very quickly and in excellent condition. 	1
This is a great product	1
"This is a great phone: plain Android (no isp bloatware) in a slim package with a readable screen, an awesome camera, great battery life.  I'm very pleased with it."	1
"This is a great phone. Takes nice pictures, runs smoothly. "	1
"This is a great phone. On top of being a RAZR, which means dependability, ruggedness, and quality - I like this particular operating system version. I&apos;m not sure if it is just the Motorola V3S version or it is a Metro PCS hybrid version. But it is more intuitive than some of the previous RAZR versions. Great overall package for Metro PCS users that only want the basic talk and send pictures features, in an attractive clamshell design. An added perk is that accessories for these phones are dirt-cheap. I have picked up a couple used RAZRs and they still are working - they seem to last forever."	1
This is a great phone. It is great for working people that are hard on their phones.	1
This is a great phone. I&apos;m pleased with the fact that when it originally malfunctioned I was allowed to send it back for a replacement. This has all of the capabilities I seek in a phone and will serve me well to the next upgrade	1
This is a great phone. I love the color of the phone and it works awesome. It has a ton of features and even has a really fun fishing game on it that is very addictive. Its the best phone I&apos;ve ever owned. I even dropped it today on the tile floor and it didn&apos;t break and the case didn&apos;t even come off. That in and of itself should make anyone want to own this phone.	1
This is a great phone. I got a great deal on it through ebay. Couldn&apos;t get a better deal on this phone anywhere else.	1
This is a great phone.  I use it with my wifi and a  Sony-ICF-CS15iP-Dream-Machine-Speaker-Dock-AlarmClock-Radio.  Great sound for under $100 used and looks good anywhere in the house.  Great combination.	1
This is a great phone.  	1
This is a great phone.	1
"This is a great phone, I really liked it! it has wifi and the keyboard is great, touchscreen is good too, can&apos;t complain of this phone! it may not be a recent model but you sure will enjoy it!"	1
"This is a great phone, hard to find anymore.  Only flaw I have found is there is no flashlight.  You have to go online and download the flashlight app. "	1
This is a great phone it makes it easier after switching from an Android phone (Note 5) but the form factor is larger than a lot of phone that are 5.5 but it is because of the bezels. It is about the same size as my nexus 6 in its height and width and the nexus 6 a six inch screen but not too much since it is thin. Overall great battery life and a nice 1080p screen! Very fluid and quick too 	1
"This is a great phone in terms of specs camera, ram the like. BUT I was displeased that seller sold me this phone other the impression that its a NEW PHONE yet it is a refurbished phone that I am not happy about at all"	0
This is a great phone in excellent condition inside and out works perfectly practically like new!	1
This is a great phone for those used to the full keyboard.  I downgraded from blackberry to this phone with ease.  Much nicer then most basic cell phones out there and price is a decent value.	1
"This is a great phone for the money, love it!"	1
"This is a great phone for portability. It has a decent speaker, but the flashlight is by far the best feature. The seller gave me a battery with no life and did not include a charger."	0
"This is a great phone even for a Tracfone/Net10.  It does everything that a contract phone will do.  This is an older version of the Galaxy S II, but a perfect phone none the less.  We had another type of smart phone before the Galaxy S II and it did not come close to this phone. We are very happy with the Samsung Galaxy S II phone and the Tracfone/Net10 carrier."	1
"This is a great looking phone. I am sure with the right service it will work fine.  But currently I user page plus.  after the $2 dollars ran out I was not able to maintain service with page plus using this phone because it is a Sprint phone and has to be flashed to page  plus by a dealer.  There are no dealers close by.  Thus,  I did not receive what I had expected"	0
This is a great little phone. Hubby loves his flip phones and he really likes this one. Easy to use and fits into his pocket. It's very close to his old one so it was easy for him to figure out. And the price was fantastic and shipping was fast.Great service all the way around !!	1
"This is a great little phone that will get compliments after the shock of seeing something &quot;so old&quot; wears off.     Just watch out for Chinese knock-off phones. They will claim the phone is refurbished, when it&apos;s really a copycat with missing features, a poorly-fitting case, and a bad keypad. The actual Nokia phone is really great, but all the knock-offs are not.    I have not seen a  knock-off yet with a working bubble level in the face plate, so that can be a clue for you if you&apos;re worried about authenticity."	1
this is a great little phone for every thing pictures are great and i really like the speed dial and voice dial small enough to not get in the way but big enough to hold on towith out being afrade of droping it	1
This is a great little charger! It's very small and convenient...and charges the battery fairly quickly! I have used it every day since buying. Would buy again and recommend to anyone.	1
This is a great IPhone  	1
"This is a great gadget but very expensive, im glad i found www.ultimate-free-gifts.co.uk where i got it for free :)    All i did was sign up and then completed ONE offer. I recommend the Credit Check Total offer as it is FREE to complete and takes a few minutes!  Or you can do the king.com offer and play through $5. There is a chance you will win your money back anyway!    There are many other gadgets you can get for free such as consoles, iPhones, iPods, Plasma TV&apos;s and the list goes on    Visit: www.ultimate-free-gifts.co.uk    before you think about putting your hands into your pocket for this gadget.    The site can afford to send out these &quot;free&quot; gifts because you have to complete an offer first. They get paid commission when me and you do so, which is used to buy the gift with money left over as profit for them!     WWW.ultimate-free-gifts.co.uk"	1
"This is a great gadget but very expensive, im glad i found www.ultimate-free-gifts.co.uk where i got it for free :)    All i did was sign up and then completed ONE offer. I did the coral offer and wagered £5. I won back my money anyway as well!.    There are many offers you can complete such as the 14 day FREE trial with the DVD company LOVEFiLM.    After completing my offer i recieved my gift within a week :)    Visit: www.ultimate-free-gifts.co.uk    before you think about putting your hands into your pocket for this gadget."	1
"This is a great first smart phone. It does everything a person would need and more. It is easy to use, inexpensive and very nice."	1
"This is a great device. After having a Galaxy S7 for a number of years, I assumed the upgrades would be minor incremental ones. The phone feels like a completely redesigned phone, has a beautiful screen, very long battery life, great camera and the extra size is nice for videos and editing photos. I would recommend buying this device used. The price for new phones is ludicrous so buying it a year or two old makes things much more manageable. Even then, it's still fairly expensive though. "	1
"This is a great device, didn't think I would like the sharp square shape of the device but I have grown to love it and do not even notice the square shape anymore, the SPEAKERS wow is all i can say these things are loud to the point if you forget to turn the volume down I will scare the sh!@ out of you lol, battery life is excellent I usually get about a day and a half out of a charge with medium to heavy use, I would recommend this device to anyone and everyone."	1
This is a great deal on a great great phone thanks!!!!	1
"This is a great cell phone it has all the bells and whistles, it is very compact and has good reception, I would recomend it to everyone."	1
This is a GREAT CELL PHONE for the money. You can buy it on starighttalk.com for $10 refurbished and has a 1 year warranty. The only draw back is you have to buy the minute card at the same time for $45.00. Send good ring tone by text message. You can download a ringtone and then upload it into your memory card and use the ringtone on your phone. mobile24.com has free ring tones. Just need to make a free account.	1
This is a good size phone and i love it i would recommend this phone to anyone the battery lasts a while and i just love it	1
"this is a good phone, one of the best I&apos;ve ever bought, is better than the iphone, everything is excellent camera I recommend wing perfection  Escuchar  Leer fonéticamente  Diccionario - Ver diccionario detalladonombre0.East0.east0.Orientadjetivo0.thispronombre0.this one"	1
"This is a good phone, good condition and good price. Thanks Jess. Good business."	1
"this is a good phone to have and i loved it this phone has an great ca,era and has a great screen and a great keyboard i loved it it ws pur amazing and i would give this phone a try"	1
"This is a good phone the battery&apos;s life is good, the screen size is perfect to watch videos, chat and messaging."	1
This is a good phone that don&apos;t require a data plan.  It&apos;s compact and has all the bells and whistles of other phones.	1
"This is a good phone I have it already.  But this seller has no clue what they are selling. This description is for the Moto E4 Plus with 5.5"" Screen .  But when you look at the pictures of the product its the E4 with 5"" screen model.  I called them out on it and messaged them they admitted to me that its a E4 model NOT E4 plus I feel sorry for whoever ordered this because they are being mislead.. "	0
This is a good phone for you if you don&apos;t need to use all the internet extra&apos;s. It has just enough and not to much things to do with the internet. Very cute phone!	1
"This is a good phone but with limited storage. Despite adding a 32 gb SD card, it does not accept additional app and store it on the SD card. I have to delete some apps to make room for other apps that I need access mostly. But for the price and back up phone, I like it's functionality and purpose. The free SIM that came with it was dissapointing. It didn't port my number and MINT customer service sucks. Luckily, I ordered a FreedomPop SIM and installed it instead and phone was active immediately. I spent 3 days trying to activate MINT service but failed. With freedom Pop, they immediately provide you with a new number into the SIM.  A downside since you have to notify your contacts if your new number. Phone is great for my purpose if secondary phone."	1
"This is a garbage cell phone. Just bought a couple weeks ago. The slot for earphone looks already broken. And, for several times, I can only hear voice from other people but they cannot hear my voice at all. I have to restart the cell to make it work, again.     SONY is equal to garbage now. Bought a SONY tv from bestbuy 2 years ago. And, out of work exactly after one year warranty.     Will NOT buy any SONY products and so-called &quot;new other&quot; items from ebay!!!"	0
"This is a fine phone. I bought it for my wife. It&apos;s easy to use, straight forward to use and the battery last a long time."	1
This is a fake samsung galaxy note 5 The seller lie to the people	0
this is a fake cellphone. i am a sony ericsson cellphone user for quite sometime and this is definitely not the cellphone i want. i really want justice and this is very disappointing. i rather return it than using it. it is a fake cellphone because i have read the review about it and certainly the item that i receive is not the original item from sony ericsson. please help me ebay	0
this is a con i aint payin......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................	0
"This is a basic phone with a QWERTY slide out keyboard.  It is great for sending text messages.  It is easy to use, holds many many contact names/phone numbers and has a very good battery life.  "	1
This is a bad product. The phone stopped working 3 weeks after purchase. A Friend had same problem where phone worked great until the battery died and wouldn&apos;t turn back on.	0
"this is a ""dumb"" phone relatively speaking. I'm disabled and have been using this phone for six years. I bought a used replacement. The case is built in such a way that it's easier to attach a lanyard which I used to hold around my neck. That part of the case broke within the first week."	0
This is 256gb NOT 128	0
"This is  the  sixth Samsung Galaxy Avant phone that I have purchased on ebay. It is by far the most pristine. It was rated at 8-9 but I believe it to be a solid 10. I have  yet to find a flaw anywhere on the phone. However, more impressive was my experience with this seller. It was necessary to contact them after I had committed to the purchase of the phone and they were extremely pleasant. Best transaction ever!"	1
This iPhone was working perfectly fine for a week and then the iMessage stopped working all of a sudden. I have been trying to return the phone but I was unable to get in touch with the seller. I need a refund ASAP.	0
This Iphone was great! It came in PERFECT condition for a good used price. Well worth the buy. It runs perfect and I am able to run multiple apps at a time with no lagg at all.	1
This iphone was brand new sealed in box and unlocked!	1
"This Iphone SE arrived in EXCELLENT condition! I was somewhat skeptical about ordering another used iPhone SE because of past experiences with another company, but this purchase turned out extremely well! The phone's condition was described as good, but that was an understatement.  I would definitely be interested in purchasing from this seller again in the future."	1
this iphone is great i love it 	1
This iPhone is an amazing upgrade from previous models. 	1
"This iphone had 9.3.2 on it and after the first 3 days it seemed to work then it started to do crazy stuff. With Wi-fi on it would start dialing numbers, randomly locking the screen so I could see but could not touch the screen. The system would start to facetime people in my phone book. I tried to turn the phone off, but could not swipe the screen to turn it off. The phone had a mind of its own. I am not sure what the issue is but I consider this phone to have been hacked in some form or way. - What a disappointment. Now I have to buy a brand new phone that has never been open. Too bad I purchased one used."	0
"This iPhone does not work because it is locked. Moreover, the seller does not want to help to deal with this.  I cannot contact the seller either by phone or email."	0
This iPhone 6s was advertised as Brand New and it isn't! It's been refurbished & repaired per the Apple Store Technicians that examined this phone! And the touchscreen doesn't respond.I was cheated. I'm trying to get my money refunded now from the Seller. I my need to get eBay or my Credit Card company involved! What a hassle. Beware of DiTech.	0
"This iPhone 6 Plus with 128 GB is super!!  It worked right out of the box and has a ton more features than my old iphone 4s.  I checked the apple ID as soon as I received the product and it was already registered for me, which was great!!  The phone does not come with a sim card so make sure to have one.  It is one of the nano sim cards.  I was able to get one for $1 at my prepaid phone provider.  The screen protector was super easy to install and the Otter Box is great.  It does not say Otter Box on the outside but on the inside it does say it is an otterbox defender.  Great product!     "	1
"This iPhone 6 Plus was in perfect condition.  Not a mark, or scratch on it.  The battery holds a charge for at least 2 days on constant use.  I could not be happier with my purchase."	1
"This iPhone 6 Plus its all I need !!!  For pictures , video , and applications too ."	1
"This iphone 4s is still a viable phone. It's durable, dependable and has most resources needed. A great asset to have."	1
This iPhone 4s is great. Works wonderfully on virgin mobile	1
This iphone 4 has very superior features compared to any other phone that I have owned. 	1
"This Inexpensive Phone,It has a 1m-pixel camara and speakerphone the phone  size is perfect for carrying in apocket        Thank you"	1
this I am quite sure is the cheapest plastic phone I have ever owned.....and I have owned dozens. Dont take a chance of this phone!	0
"This HTC 10 was rated and tested by individual that tests new phones released in 2016 and this phone rated very high in durability and in construction of Electronics and flex test on chassis of phone in where the glass and the phone did not crack or bend. HTC 10 has a long battery charge and very quick in recharging time.  Not impressed with new 2019 lineup of smartphones since they are now pushing there new 5gLte, plus there is going to be a increase in monthly payment fees for the 5g new phones and making sure they got all the bugs out of the system and new phones.   Hope to get at least another year or two before having to get a new upgrade. HTC 10 is the best Workhorse that came out from HTC by far. Sad that HTC company is gone now."	1
This has been the best phone I could have possibly purchased. I thought it looked like a new phone when it arrived. thank you	1
This has been one of the best experiences on ebay.The seller was the most helpful Ive ever had. And  I would gladly buy from her again!	1
"This has been a great phone. I have used a Razr for years. This was slightly different, but close enough that set up and use was a snap. I like the way it feels in the hand. Little thicker but not as wide, and is seems easier to hold and use. Fits the nylon belt holsters I had for the Razr fine."	1
This guy/girl keep on listening this item with different price & different story 	0
This guy was right about the item and was good at getting back to any messages I sent about the item.	1
this guy tells you to leave good feedback so he can ship your items and doesnt. then you tell him to give you a tracking number and makes one up. then you contact him and tells you thats the one they gave him at the dhl office. first of all you cant print those type of labels of of pay pal.he will steal your money if you let him. look at his feedback he only has two one i left to let him get the money from pay pal to ship my items he never did.	0
This guy stole my phone and sold it on ebay. Great. I hope you know I'm going to find out who you are and I really enjoy playing these games. Sneaking around like the snake you are too chicken to steal directly from me. It's okay I know your ebay account now. I'll find out exactly where you are.	1
This guy sold me a stolen phone I used it for 2 days and it got shutdown so i call at&t they said that its a stolen phone    Its a stolen phone     	0
This guy post it as unlocked when it really is not	0
"This guy its so bad talking to the clients, he sold me a locked iPhone and he didnt tell me about it"	0
"This guy is very very very slow reponding to ur inquiries or won't respond at all , very irresponsible.  I won't buy from him again and also you shouldn't if you don't want to go thru the headache I have been thru. First I ordered the product, no problem here, they shipped me the wrong product, waste of time, then you have to return the item back, then you have to wait many days for then to refund ur money, you have to be consistently asking for a refund or they won't do it. Whole process took me around 1 month. Please don't don't go thru the same hassle"	0
"This guy is using customers money to pay for cell phone parts to sell on eBay by fake selling expensive smartphones. Once you paid him directly he will not ship your smartphone because he does not have any. So he ask you to be patient while tying up your money. So you wait weeks before asking for a refund. Please note this is my opinion, Ebay needs to investigate this seller. The sellers positive feedback comes from small cell phone parts only. "	0
this guy is selling straight junk he does test them and then says that they are untested. if i would have known he had tested them i would not have bid on them. it is making me not want to buy on ebay anymore.	0
This guy is a liar a thief and a bad communicator Will not refund your money wait until after the 14 grace. Will not return your emails I&apos;ve emailed him 6 times and I&apos;ve got no response So now I&apos;m stuck with the phone that I&apos;ve paid $110 for and I can&apos;t even use it I am so very unhappy with this man and I never leave bad feedback and I&apos;m going there next	0
This guy after I paid for the phone he cancelled the order he refund the money bad business 	0
THIS GOOD THE BUY AND COME BLOKED NEVER CAN ACTIVATE BY THIS NOT RECOMEND THIS SELLER NOT PERCATE THE PROBLEM THE PHONE THIS REASON NO GIVE POINT IAM NOT AGUSTO CON LO QUE ME VENDIO QUISE RETORNARLO PERO EL NO RESPONDIO CON LA  ETIQUETA DE DEVOLUCION.	0
"This Galaxy S5 is not good at all. The phone  is blocked cannot get my phone sevice on it. It restarts whenever I push the home or return button and then the screen goes totally white. I remove the battery and reinstall it , and it starts all over again. This phone is NO GOOD!"	0
This flagship HTC phone boasts all of the specs of the U12+ with an even larger storage space and the addition of a seperate chip meant to hold blockchain assets seperate from the android operating system in order to create additional security.The HTC Exodus one will help expand the adoption and use of cryptocurrency as well as revolutionize tech security and indiviudal freedoms.	1
This exact phone can be purchased from walmart for under $200. I shop on ebay to find deals. Looking for this phone but not at this price.	0
"This distributor is a scoundrel, offered a silver cell phone and sent a black, said he was new in its original packaging and manuals came with a charger not bad, in a box that was not original. The cell had a photo of a brunette (very ugly) which proves that it was used and slow. Was purchased on January 26 and came up today on March 3 ... in short a robbery"	0
"This device was sold as an unlocked device.  According to t-mobile, it is not compatible with their system.  Received phone with everything in Spanish. Required multiple phone calls and trips to T-mobile to get to work.  Every time I use it, it will lock out before I can key in the next function (this may be a programming feature, but with out adequate information, cannot change it)  Nobody could give information on how to program favorites.  As I do not hear well, I could not get volume to a level I could use.  Does not compare to my 3 year old Nokia.  Was sold as a 4G LTE device.  According to to T-mobile (due to the incompatibility)  it only operates at a 2G level.  Device was returned, as it does not solve my problem."	0
This device is Harith the flaws from the factory  He was sent to the company a month ago But did not receive my money	0
this device has been recalled through t mobile and should be removed and returned to T-Mobile for full refund. T-mobile stores will be able to assist with the return process otherwise this phone should not be sold for safety concerns.	0
This device has been recalled because of possible emplosion. The seller should remove this item ASAP. Do not buy	0
This deserves no stars it is a scam! We didn&apos;t get an iPhone and we lost money. Its a scam! Don&apos;t even try buying it because you&apos;re not going to get anything. Stay clear of this.	0
"This damaged phone was not by accident, in fact I ve done worse to 2 Galaxy phones and other android phones, it must be the phones because this guy was stabbing his to death...lol...I know what that's like, not stop beeping about everything, default this and update and p[permission for that...go get an I phone or a Kyosera"	0
"This could have been a great phone....except....it doesn&apos;t work with most US mobile services.  It&apos;s looks good, but it&apos;s almost twice as big as the other RAZRs I own.  If I had known about the missing frequency (850) I would not have bought it."	0
"This company sells very low quality blackberry products. I have suffered a lot after buying a blackberry passport silver edition from this seller. from the beginning my blackberry was restarted automatically everyday 3~5 times, I noticed the seller and they suggested me to do factory reset. I did but the problem remained same. now this phone is completely out of order. I contacted with this seller and in reply they ask me what I want replacement or refund. I instantly replied I need refund, but this clever seller remained silent for answering my request and finally they they replied that they can not refund or replace this product. if they cannot refund or replace, why they ask me for refund or replacement. this seller practiced very poor customer service and they took time so that my timeframe goes out to complain ebay authority. So think before buy from this seler"	0
"This company has tons of fraud complaints under a different name (diamond wireless). Please read all the reviews before buying from best deal on eBay.  The phone I received has a defective battery, not a manufacturer refurbished phone as advertised.  Dave, the representative email a return shipping label that couldn't not be printed; he refused to send a label by mail to me.  Not a reputable company!"	0
"This coming from someone who used Samsung Note products, but not after this."	1
this cellular phone has been one of the best gifts i&apos;ve ever given to myself.  its all that is advertised and more.  I get a kick every time I see someone using a different cell phone and know that that person paid well over $400.00 dollars and can not get the same quality that I get from my Samsung.  love it!!	1
This cellular device came broken. the back was bent and I don't see the battery. no charger. 	0
"This cellphone works great I ordered it for my daughter and she's really happy with it, now I gonna order another one for my son "	1
This cellphone purchase was a smooth and easy transaction.  The phone was an excellent buy.  We bought from ebay due to the carrier&apos;s store phone was much to high when we needed to replace our son&apos;s lost one.  This was a great buy for us and my son is extremely happy with the phone.	1
"this cellphone it&apos;s everything that i wanted  it have mp3, video recorded, photo camera, bluetooth, FM radio  it&apos;s amazing! 100% recommended  so cute ;D"	1
This cellphone is refurnished. I was waiting for a brand new but it is refurnished. I don&apos;t know the condition the first seller give to you but the one is not new.	0
"This cell phone was very similar to one I had for years(but quit) so that&amp;apos;s why I bought it. Works fine, the person that sold it to me was correct on the listing and that&amp;apos;s about all."	1
This cell phone was not compatible with my cell phone carrier. 	0
This cell phone isn't good.	0
This cell phone is perfect 	1
This cell phone is not good I bought it only I lasted one day with it and it's not working it's a fake cell phone and very slow 	0
This cell phone is great. Even do dont have camera or video but have one think what i need the most no matter where i am always have service and i drop this phone with bathtub full of water and guess what still working. I have htc too but mostly using nokia cant complain bout it :)	1
This cell phone is an excellent product. I'm very happy with the transaction. Thanks.	1
This cell phone has been in a fire and also the interior has soot damage as well as the spot that shows water damage is RED!  I cannot believe this person sent this damage product saying it had &quot;daily wear and tear&quot;. Once we inserted the &apos;SIM&apos; card the phone would not even come on or light up.     So sorry I bought this for my husband.   I am returning it by mail. Diana Callahan	0
"This cell not read the sim card, I would be change this part for other."	0
"This cell do not have good signal, the cell have terrible breaking bad signal. but the seller send to me fast shipping. good transaction.This cell do not have good signal, the cell have terrible breaking bad signal. but the seller send to me fast shipping. good transaction."	0
This case didn't fit properly and my charger would pop off. 	0
"This carp. No protection available, cracked the second it hit the floor, it then turned wacky, turning things on and off, and finally, it would not charge, at all... Totally wasted my money here..."	0
This Boost Mobile Phone is in Excellent Condition as advertised.	1
This Blackberry is generally value for money. it does everything the way I expected. I like the querty key pad which enables me to type my messages with ease. Touch screen is also good. GPS is perfect etc	1
This battery does not last any longer than my old ones.  Only last a few hours at best. Very disappointed	0
This battery do not work at all it want charge or anything I threw it away	0
"THIS ASSHOLE IS SELLING PHONES THAT CAN'T BE ACTIVATED BECAUSE THEY WERE PREVIOUSLY ACTIVATED, I HAVE TO BUY A NEW SIM CARD WHAT A BUNCH OF CRAP....."	0
This appeared to be a great phone but unfortunately after about 10 days I started to notice the battery life and Facebook Google bar apps just going blank and battery lasting nomore than 1 hour now. I've tryed talking with them gave me option to send it back but now I want have any phone  for weeks all I want was a replacement but it what it is stay away from this phone and these sellers     	0
This a very nice phone and very easy to use.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................	1
This a replacement for the the one just like it. The phone does everything I need 	1
"This a perfect phone for those who like simplicity and ease of use. Really fun item that lights up, has really cool themes, and huge screen for pictures and videos. This is an A+ item for anyone who wants something fun and durable! Forget about the overpriced smart phones, snag this phone up because it&apos;s a steal of deal for the features and benefits! =)"	1
This a great phone at a great price.  Delivered as promised and phone was just as described.  Would buy from this vendor again!!	1
"This ""senior"" phone has serious flaws. Number 1 flaw being that the volume control buttons are located on the side, and are VERY easily pressed by accident. Thus the phone is without a ringer noise of any kind, and the user has no knowledge of this. I have read since then that folks have said ""I put tape over the volume buttons"". Sorry, but not an acceptable fix for a serious problem. Not for a phone that costs this much. The senior that I bought this for had trouble knowing when the phone call was ended. Consequently, the entire months time allotment was used up in the initial phone call, due to her not ""ending the call"".  A better option for a senior is what we ended up switching to, which is the Tracfone flip phone. I was so pleasently surprised at the quality of the Tracfone and the customer service. No sales pressure like for the Jitterbug. Tracfone plans are extrememly reasonable. Jitterbug plans are too costly, Bottom line is that I would never accept this phone for my senior loved one. I found a much better solution in the Tracfone FLIP phone, The Tracfone flipphone has MANY nice settings. Such as a loud ring, sounds that can be heard (or turned off) each time you press a button, and a favorite is this: when the battery is getting low you will hear a voice say ""battery is"	0
"This ""Beast"" was released in 2013 with specs that surpass phones recently released!!!  Everything, from the 20 mp  camera, to the 2gb of ram (which is more than enough for me). The huge 6"" screen is sharp and beautiful. Just received it and went directly to install windows 10....One more reason to love it!! Some say the battery don't last long......In my case that's nonsense. The only way I drain the battery fast is playing some games....Besides that, it can go a whole day without charging!!! The speaker is loud and clear!!! And last but not least.......IT IS BEAUTIFUL!!! A piece of conversation in itself!!! Love android, but I can't take my eyes off those nice tiles!!! Some say windows phones are dead......I don't think so!!!  "	1
"This  vendor send me wrong iitem wrong charger phone, not compatible in USA we can't use at all. Cheap material, life battery life is poor short."	0
Thir phone does not have many new features that people want in a cell. It is good for a work group only a sort of no frills phone to communicate with others in a work with non-high tech demands. It is like a color monitor vs a black and white monitor. Which do you want	0
"Think u send it somewere else my tracking says delivered in dallas,but my address is Seychelles"	0
Think the phone will be good a  beginner..is too slow for me and battery life is zero other than that it's beautiful I love the pouch as well..thanks	0
Thin Light solid aluminium body. battery life is about 15 hours for my daily usage solid quality camera speakers and screen 1080p but high dpi looks flawless. has an ir blaster and 6gb of ram so it never bogs down. plenty of storage and expandable too!	1
thia thing was a made old sckool and had things i did not under stand wel i did but all in all no way ever i throw it on the floor and it popt nic	0
Thi s phone. Is terrific!!!The whole experoence hasbeen nothing short of total satisfaction! !AAa plus	1
They'll loose billions because of this mayor screwup. And a consumer could burn down a house or a plane with the galaxy note 7. Irresponsible ebay sellers are still trying to make a buck selling them and ebay is letting them! Shameful!!!	0
They were to small for my phone	0
They wanted more money. No one was bidding against me so they cancelled my bid. Would not buy from this person again! 	0
They turn on and work for a few minutes but as soon as you dial a phone number they shut down by themselves. I want my money back but I am in Argentina now....bad deal...	0
"They told me it would work with my network and it didn't.  Make sure it works with your network before you buy it. Once you order it and don't work with your network, you won't get your full refund."	0
"they taped up the phone then sent it to me , and it wont even work cause it needs the sim card that was originally in the phone . no one buy from them period , i feel played . but its ok they getting over on themselves period . dont buy from these bitches "	0
"they take your money first then you wait 2 month, never arrive and then you claim to ebay and at least you receive your money back after almost 3 months, huge waste of time"	0
They steal your money	0
They sold us a stolen phone and I am going to find out if they are going to give us a replacement because they are a company that buys electronics and it probably is not there fault	0
They sold me a phone with a bad motherboard...which is what makes the phone work. Grrr	0
"They sold me a junk phone. The phone only lasted a couple of days, then froze up and would not shut off. WE HAD TO DESTROY THE PHONE. I Will never again buy a Recondition phone."	0
"They so responsable, the item came early "	1
They should say it is not an unlocked phone. since it was a Verizon we assumed it was unlocked.	0
"They shipped the product HOURS NOT DAYS after me submitting my order. Now I haven't gotten the phone yet but IK I'm going to love it because I know it's a great phone that will just get stuff done, that's really all Blackberrys are for and my IPhone keeps wasting wayyyy too much of my time so I figured I'd try and make a switch back to the trackball and kayboard days . Will have an update soon!  "	1
"They shipped the first phone out to me immediately.  Had a couple of minor problems with the phone and requested a return.  Got back with me immediately with a return number, no questions asked, only apologies for the inconvenience.  Later purchased this Samsung, received it immediately, and have been happy with the phone.    Would recommend to everyone.  Great job."	1
They shipped it too me even tho I told them not too I wanted to cancel the order only 5 minutes after buying it 	0
They sent wrong phone and didn't have the stylo	1
They sent the wrong iPhone and didn't try to reimburse me.	0
They sent me the wrong phone after I had waited over a week to receive it. There was no personal interaction about my return only an automated return policy. The Customer Service was atrocious. Buyer beware.	0
they sent me the wrong one.... a 32 gb when I ordered a 64 gb. I got conned! I had to pay the shipping package. waste of my time and money... real pissed.	0
They sent me a iPhone 6 Plus! And they so no scrapes and scuffs and had scuffs  	0
"They sent me a Chines fake of real 8800 sirocco, but returned money only after couple of tens requests... 8800 is great, but THIS seller is a HELL!"	0
"They send me,a very poor quality phone and wrong color,"	0
They send me an open box and when I bought the phone it said new. So I try to call no one answer and contact the seller he never respond.	0
They send me a fake blackberry phone	0
They send a different box. It was open box. Not seal on the box.	0
"They say they will unlock your phone and do not specify that the actual cost of the unlock will be about $160.  For that, just buy a phone - it will cost less.  When I asked for my $3.49 back, they said,  ""Hello, no refund sorry read what you buy first. We add credit to account Thanks""   Dear eBay, you should ban people like these from doing business on your site, or, require that they put the cost up front.  They give your site a black-eye."	0
"they say that the phone is unlocked, well, to a point it is. im with at&t and its a verizon phone. took a while to get working. then about 3 weeks after i had it, it wont receive pics or send them. i took to at&t and noone seems to be able to fix it. "	1
They never ship anything they put an other adress near then you and took the money. 	0
"They mention phone comes  with home charger, but came only with usb cord . Battery is totally damage,  phone not even turning on.i don't know why they send it to me nothing work.i am so disappointed because I am leaving tomorrow for out of country and I really need this phone today "	0
"THEY JUST KNOW HOW TO GET MONEY FROM PEOPLE AND BUT DON&apos;T KNOW HOW TO PROTECT PEOPLES MONEY. THEY DO THE FORMALITY LIKE &quot;WRITE REVIEWS&quot; BUT NO LONE LOOK AT THEM. THEY WANT GIVE MORE AND MORE TROUBLE TO USERS AND THERE EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE WHOSE PHONE NUMBER YOU DON&apos;T FIND, IS WORLD CLASS.    I HAVE NO WORDS FOR THE CHEATER MORE THAN THIS, BECUASE IT DOEN&apos;T SOLVE ANY PURPOSE. JUST HOPE SOME ONE WILL READ THIS AND FEEL SHAME ON IT."	0
"They have a good delivery, but the phone comes with a screen problem :(  I already spend my money on a bad product!!"	0
"they dropped the ball big time with this phone.  don't waste your money!  phone was fully charged upon activation it's been 2hrs, made a 2 minute phone call and it's already showing me at 72% left.  if you want to have constant service you're going to have to plug it in every chance you get.  i'm not even using it and just draining draining draining.  there's no sound, all settings including the battery saving mode are correct.  read more reviews on this phone.  dropped calls, garbled when talking and more.  I should have done my homework.  I HIGHLY recommend you look for another phone.   look around the internet for reviews, don't trust just one site.   ugggg"	0
They dont pay in full with xfinity still under contract and I cant use it 	0
They don't even test their phones they don't work at all	0
They don't even test their phones they don't work at all	0
"They don't cooperate with buyer. They are just rediculus. Never buy from this seller and from ebay, Their return policy is worst. I have already decidede not to buy on ebay. Amazon is the great."	0
They don't  sent  me charge  plus is get  to much  crash   I'm  not  satisfied at all  they charge me to much  money 	0
They did not release the phone from the account making it unusable. I asked for assistance and while responsive at first there was no follow up. I was disappointed bc this was a very nice phone. 	0
"they claimed that this phone is a Boostmobile !!! which i bought it for that reason. It turned out that this phone is SPRINT.  thinking that it is Boostmobile i went to Vancouver Canada for New years celebration. As soon as i crossed the USA/Canadian border my phone died. Then the browser, then my contacts. so I could not contact my friend in Canada. I was forced to come back to Seattle. A day later i called Boostmobile and i was told that the salesperson lied to me. This phone SPRINT. and it is useless in Mexico and in Canada. I spent 364.00 freaking dollars on a phone that is useless where I need to go to. I was lied to. By this salesperson. I am so pissed..... !!!!!!!!   Furthermore, the gb that is claimed to be IS NOT. I was promised 128 gb. IT IS NOT !!!! So, yes, I am very dissapointed and pissed. My New Years Vancouver vacation just got fucked up because of this Company. "	0
"they charge way to much for air time,and unless you lock the features you&apos;ll be calling half way across the country and not even know it.If you feel the need to purchase one,atleast make sure you buy a flip phone and thats not just this co. it&apos;s all of them.It&apos;s worth the extra few dollars for a flip."	0
they are tricking people...	0
they are not what said this phone where us cell not page plus talk to sell he said that not his felt that they don&apos;t work then said go to web site then would not talk to to me anymore	0
They always seem to have a bad connector to charge the battery.  Silly thing to make a nice new phone fairly obsolete quickly.	0
These were a perfect fit for my cell phone. Product is great and price is right. This seller ship fast and I will recommend this seller to other buyer.	1
"These units are heavily used: The paint has been rubbed off on the face buttons, there are deep scratches on the gamepad's face, etc. The unit appears to function but I wonder for how long."	0
These s9's habe so many glitches and develop so many problems. Like dead screen zones where parts of the touch screen stop  working. Its so anoying. 	0
"These phones were made to be sold through Target stores for around $100+, I bought mine on E-bay new for $50, but now I know why they are selling online so cheap. They are crap, basically. They are ok to make calls with, but the camera sucks,, especially the fron facing camera. The pictures are always very dark and sometimes you can hardly see an image on the screen at all. Therear camera is a little better. The volume in videos sucks. You basically have to scream for it to record a voice properly so that you can hear it on play back. Sometimes it doesn't pick up any voice at all, even though you are speaking in a regular tone. Forget when the battery gets below 20%. The Phone acts up. And if you plug it in to charge when it is that low and you go to use the phone, for example, to type something, the keyboard goes crazy and it starts typing random letters. It comes with a so-called phone protector, which is basically a thin flimbsy cover that stays in place by wraping into the top sides of the phone, but it will loosen up on the sides a little, constantt charges through the top, which is a little odd, something that I haven't seen since ZTE started to make phones for AT&T a few years back. The charger cord seems loose when you plug it into the phone, removes a little too easily. "	0
"These phones have a tab under the battery that turns pink or red if there is moisture damage. That is why I was replacing mine. This used phone had the same problem. I replaced the battery, I had to get a new sim card. The phone will not function. No signal, Battery drains. So I am starting all over with a new phone."	0
"These phones come with many problems, phones screen turns black and wont come back on"	0
"These phones are one of the best we have ever had. You can hear clearly and the camera seems fine to us. We love them. Only thing is the battery does not seem to last as long as they say and I suspect this is do to it being a 2017 model. I will just buy some new batterys. But yes, I would buy this again and from this seller."	1
These items are sold for parts the parts need to be usable the screen was broken phone is locked and there is no certainty that the other parts would work	0
These have great range. I only use the direct talk function but it works great for me at work.	1
These guys are rip off and scammers. Sold me a phone with maximum battery of 84% and they said the phone was new. The phone has slight scratches and you can clearly see the headphone jacks and USB port was used. Do not buy!!!!!!! These are real scammers and need to be stopped. I dont how they achieve 5 stars but the need to stop with the lying 	0
These fucking idiots sent me a piece of shit REFURBISHED phone with goddamn dents in it! Fucking scumbags.	0
"These are plastic, not glass. The picture shows a Magic Guardz box with the manufacturers name removed. This is not a Magic Guardz product. They got me. "	0
These are pieces of junk. When received the screen was hanging off one. The battery life stinks and there is no memory because it is used up by apps. If you want too waste your time and money buy these by all means buy 2 or 3.	0
"These are great phones, metal case and good features. I bought this one because it was new and at a fair price with free shipping. My old razr gave me many years service and it was time to replace it. I always purchase my own phones so I am not under contract for 2 years at a time."	1
"These are great phones and this is the second LG G3 that I have, the phone is easy to use and its fast. Only issue is the battery life is short, too many apps that run and LG wont let you kill them out, I have downloaded several apps to stop the from running, but as soon as you stop them they restart, Power Drain.  Unlocked is the only way to go, Use it with Straight Talk and it works Great !!!!!"	1
"These are great little phones. They can be updated to the latest version of Android with a little hackery, which is great. Only draw back is the battery life. You can order a 2450MAH battery for about $5 and that fixes the issue for the most part. Other than that, no real issues with the device. Great starter phone or backup. Great value for 50-$120 Depending on condition, and other factors."	1
"These are by no means brand new phones! Accessories are generic and box is also tampered with imei sticker is slapped over original imei! Sim tray color doesn't completely match the body color, it is either refurbished or used as demo! Haven't used it because it's a gift. Will not be buying anything from them in feature! "	0
Theres white spot in the screen. It looks like screen has been changed.	0
"There were several defects in functionalities: front camera would only work after a good shake, the finger print sensor didn't work, the front button had to be pressed really hard to work. So, we decided to return the item. Delivery took a bit longer than usually..."	0
there was quick delivery but im very disipointed with the cell phone as it was sold to me with water damage and that is the spot on the cell ..would have been nice to know that before purchase	0
There was awesome and very fast communication! This was a big switch over from my android to my first iphone and I love it! Price was awesome and the phone is amazing and I am just in love!!!!	1
There was a problem with the phone.  As soon as I notified seller a new phone was in the mail.  I am very pleased and would most surely purchase from this company again.	1
There was a problem with my phone after purchase and phonestoreusa went over and above the call of duty to help me. I would highly recommend them for your phone needs! It is rare to find this kind of great customer service especially on the internet.	1
There was a indication of it dropped indentations on 2 edges nothing major immaculate screen and body great bargain especially after jailbreaked to marshmallow software 	1
"There was a green line within the screen when it arrived, I will be returning the poduct. "	0
There more than what they describe about the phone on eBay. They tell me that this phone had problem and told me see if Motorola cut warranty the phone. Ya ok. That's not case. It had problem internal problems with the software. I spent 154. For this phone and not happy at all. I notify eBay about this person.	0
There is water in the front camera so it looks pinkish when you try to use it. It has a sim lock on it as well. It is slightly damaged. 	0
THERE IS NOTHING PERSONAL TO YOU! IT JUST THE 2ND PHONE ON Ebay I have received I MAD GOT!BUT I SHOULD HAVE JUST SENT IT BACK. US CELLULAR SAID IT WAS NOT ABLE TO CHARGE PROPER. SORRY FOR PROBLEM. BUT I THINK YOU SHOULD JUST CHECK WHAT YOU SELL A LITTLE CLOSER.ALSO I THINK E-BAY SHOULD TAKE CARE THIS PROBLEM!!	0
There is no visible physical flaw on the phone. The shipment was on time and generally I think it a fair price for such a condition. 	1
There is no specifications stating the the logic board has a locked iCloud account. The seller failed to  mention that and it is the most important piece of information to include if your selling a logic board. I do would not recommend this seller to anyone. 	0
There is no profile and no way to assign a network carrier. Its misleading.	0
There is a pending bill and Verizon will not let me activate the phone.	0
THERE IS A NATIONWIDE RECALL ON THIS PHONE BECAUSE IT CATCHES ON FIRE. 	0
There is a long scratch on the iPhone's screen. I'm not satisfied.	0
"there is a difference when you buy a phone for parts that just does't turn on,and one that has water damage,rusted connectors,and missing parts,i know what i was buying,a phone for parts,but there is a lot of junk selling this days on ebay...just because it is an iphone?"	0
There is a constant  pink  line running down the length of the phone on the right side  and every once in awhile a thin green line runs down the middle. It interferes with reading and some pictures. Battery does not last long. 	0
"there era nothing to said or experience because I never received the product now I lose my money, that what I experience loosing money."	0
"there are some cool things about this phone, but it&apos;s gotten too old.  the charger is really weird, it has two prongs and it wears out really fast.  so you have to buy new ones.  the phone gets super-hot when you talk.  there is no 2-way text messaging.  the voice dial works really good.  it has a lot of quality features.  the green screen is ugly.  the clamshell is cool.  if you need a working sprint phone and are totally broke, go for this or a nokia 3588i."	0
there are no accessories available for this unit like a hard shock proof case	1
There are a lot of things you can do with the iPhone and its just like an iPod with a phone attachment.	1
"Thenks bro, good item! ^_^"	1
"then i press it it not move at all,i need to refun 150euros for reappearing my brand new phone or i need to send it back to deeler and pay for sendin cost :( "	0
The.     product    has    a ...long   life    span.  It.    is.    the.  type.      of  ...phone ....which     is    easy    .to    operate.  It ....has   a   camera     which.   can   snap    pictures     clearly.	1
"The ZTE Warp Elite is a great phone, I been wanting a large screen phone without paying a lot of money and with this phone I got exactly what I wanted and needed.  It has plenty of storage space, I have downloaded several games  and apps and still have memory.  It is also  holds comfortable in my hands, it does not feel bulky at all.  It takes great pictures that are very clear and the sound quality is great.  Very happy with this phone."	1
"The Z30 is the best BlackBerry phone on the market but falls way short of the premium offerings from Android, Apple and even Windows Phone. For the most part, the BlackBerry Z30 is a really attractive handset. Its well built and boasts good core specifications and tweaks to the operating system that add to its overall appeal. This is a phone that gives BlackBerry a boost rather than adding to its woes. Support Blackberry, love,love,love!!!"	1
The XS is perfect for the multitude of things I do.	1
"The wrong adaptor came for the charger, it could not fit, was too small. The phone was also smaller than I expected, had to send it back immediately. Was  a bit disappointed."	0
the worst shopping experience I hecho.reparé cell but unable to fix any technical problem of the camera.	0
the worst phone i have ever purchased. the touch screen was awful to use. the only thing right about this product is the price.	0
"the worst phone ever, it never worked good, it died in only three  weeks.  i&apos;m disappointed by the seller for selling junks."	0
the worst of the last nexus!!!! all of the iron the worst.....and old.....	0
The worst iPhone I have ever seen. and I have had them all...over the years...	0
the worst experience i have ever had with ebay. the phone arrived doa at my home and i was told that ebay is not a retailer so they gave me no protection on the purchase. They wanted me to send the phone back to China at my expense No way i said. I then sent the phone to Samsung and they finally after 3 weeks fixed it and sent it back to me. I probably will never purchase anything again from ebay because of the way i was serviced.                        Sincerely                       Harold Ginsburg	0
"The worst cell phone I've ever owned.    1.  Physical size is large for such a basic phone. 2.  Hinge is super cheap and broke in less than 6 months - phone was unusable 3.  Battery life is poor 4.  Heavy for a basic flip phone. 5.  Frustratingly slow menu. 6.  Back cover hard to remove 7.  Expensive to own, due to the short time of operating 8.  Ring volume too low at max volume  The only pros are 1.  Cheap to buy 2.  Large buttons 3.  Sound quality good  I read the reviews and there were a lot of complaints, but I needed a flip phone and I went against what I read.  You can see from the problems I had that I do not recommend this phone.  I usually keep my phones 3-6 years.  Poor engineering.  A huge disappointment and I will never buy this brand again.  I replaced it with a cheap LG 470 and even though the LG feels cheap in my hand, it's been a decent low level flip phone.  Too bad AT&T doesn't still sell it."	0
The worst and useless	0
"The wireless cell phone did not come with everything that was described in the description. The cell phone was in bad condition. In the description it said that the cell phone would come with home charger, battery, car charger, and hands free head set. These things did not come in the package. The cell phone didn&apos;t even work when I recieved it. I had to replace the battery to even see if it would come on. The outside of the cell phone was scratched up and dinged badly."	0
"The windows lumina 635 is a good phone, and a good value for the money. Perform good."	1
The will only last 15 mins on a full charge I would a discount for this purchase because now I have to have the battery replaced  	0
The whole face of it started getting air bubbles behind it a couple days after we got it. 	0
"The white one turned blue in my jeans!  Tried cleaning it, but stain won&apos;t come off!  Next time, don&apos;t get White!  Can&apos;t believe I paid more just because it&apos;s white too!"	0
The where is this purchase I ever made in the last two years please be careful before you purchase anything from this person!!!!   Wasted two weeks about time for no reason 	0
The website said it is new but it is used 	0
"The was not as listed , not working as listed, a waste of m y hard earned money. I will not buy from the sell again...."	0
"The W995 I received was a fake product. It has a walkman sticker pasted on it Sony Ericsson logo was painted. Build is cheap plastic. Not to mention it came unsealed in some random white box with no user manual, duplicate battery. Please beware of this seller!!!"	0
The volume is very low. Can't hear ringing. Calls drop. 	0
The volume is not loud enough even with the speaker and I can't use the internet unless it's with WiFi. I'm sending this phone back very  dissatisfied.	0
"The volume control is non functional, which is necessary for various operations."	0
"The Vivaz U5 is astoundingly difficult to work with. The touch screen frequently fails to register touches. This is frustrating and slows down any operation requiring sequential entry such as, oh, a phone number or text message or WiFi network key. I mention this first because apart from turning it on and off, turning the volume up and down and taking a photo everything is done via the touch screen.    I bought this product to see if the Sony Ericsson iteration of Symbian 60 v 5 was any better than the Nokia version on my Nuron. It is not.    Compared to the Nuron the Vivaz lags in all departments except the camera. First, as sad as some people think the Ovi store for Nokia devices is the AT&amp;amp;amp;amp;T store for the Vivaz is worse. Even a simple utility like a battery meter is hard to come by. Secondly the Vivaz portrait keyboard is very close to unusable. The home screen arrangement is limited and limiting. The signal strength meter fluctuates wildly while the device is sitting still and there is no discernible change in the environment. The battery cover will be voted &amp;amp;amp;quot;Looks most Likely To Break In Everyday Use&amp;amp;amp;quot;.    On to what works.  1- video playback is smooth and vivid.  2- the camera takes okay snaps and has a flash  3- the three buttons along the bottom of the front work well and feel right. Not true of the On/Off button.    That is about it. I got so frustrated with the touch screen I never made a call on it. I sent two texts and it is now on the charger getting ready to go back in the box and back up on eBay. I write this review as a &amp;amp;amp;apos;truth in advertising&amp;amp;amp;apos; piece. Yes, I want folks to buy my phone but I also want them to know they are buying a camera and video player that sucks at making calls and sending texts."	0
"The very name itself; ""trust certificates "", more than implies trust. It is crazy to think this product comes with expired trust certificates that were expired before the phone was manufactured. Any seller whom deals in this type of stuff is absolutely NOT to be trusted.  THIS COMPANY IS A SCAM AND DO NOT BUY DO NOT VIEW DO NOT COMMUNICATE AT ALL. THROW YOUR MONEY IN THE TRASH"	0
"The very last Sony Phone I'll ever buy in my life I now have an Xperia Z, a Z2a and now a Z1 compact all subject to the ""Sudden Death"" issue. I bought this phone and only got to use it for two days before it gave up on me. I've never been so frustrated in my life before. And the y all are costly. "	0
"The Verizon edition of the droid mini, it turns out, cannot be rooted. This is not apparent until you have one and enter the unique device code on Motorola's site, which reveals that the bootloader cannot be unlocked for this device. Exploits available for this generation of droid don't work on OS 4.4 and up."	0
"The vendor never sent me the one thing I ordered. Poor choice of vendor, two thumbs down. "	0
"The V30+ is often overlooked, but provides a great flagship phone at a really nice price with a ton of memory and super HD audio features. The phone arrived promptly as advertised, new open box. "	1
The used Galaxy S3 is really in like new condition.  Excellent deal.  	1
The usb (charging) port is used and dirty inside. its  probably refublished	0
The unit I bought is a nice phone for the price BUT all the features do not work properly.  I have had many hours on the phone and in chat sessions with Straight Talk trying to get the browser to work.  They want to replace the phone but want me to send them the bad phone first leaving me without a phone for up to a week.  I would like to jam it up the ass of the guy I bought it from because of all the problems!	0
"The unit has been great. It's speedy, has a lot of storage, and most important replaced 2 phones.  The camera on it is great.  It takes photos inside and out equally well.  I have not figured out how to take a good outside, low light, long distance photo (moon).  Once I got it set up, it is very simple to use, and access the programs I use most frequently.  There is a lot of choices (bloatware) from Samsung and Google that provide options for customization.  This is my first Android phone, so it has taken some time to sift through the necessary notifications and programs that are most helpful to me.  The screen is amazing with great detail.  One of the primary reasons I bought the phone was the use of the stylus, and Samsung offers straight forward apps to optimize it's usage.  I am using many Microsoft apps since I use this for work and home.  I am using this device more as I set It up as required.  I have no regrets purchasing the device, although it is somewhat amazing it costs as much as a desktop or notebook computer."	1
the two htc diamont was that what I see. But the problem is that I&apos;m ask the seller and he lie me. I am ask is those phone have a sim card slot. The seller answer me that they do have. When I  receive it I see they haven&apos;t slot for sim card. But anyway this is good phone. htc always do very nice phones.	0
"The two best features of this phone are; 1. the outside screen lets you know the party calling, and also has the phone status on it.2. the best feature this phone has is the &quot;Voice Dial&quot;. This feature saves haveing to look for a number to dial, you just say the name and it dials the number."	1
The transaction was handle well by the seller and the value was good.  Product arrived on time and in good condition.  I am satisfied with this seller	1
"The tracking information said that the item has been delivered in the mailbox, but I did not see it in my mailbox.I need clear information about it, or my money back."	0
The tracfone will not work.  Could not  activate the phone because the company said has been cut off .	0
The touch screen did not work properly and went out in less than 2 weeks.  We contacted the seller to get it resolved and was told that the phone was only warrantied for 2 days.  They refused to do anything about it.	0
THE TOUCH  SCREEN FELL OFF THE FIRST DAY	0
"the toch screen is very dificulty to use, unlocked phone loss the diferent aplication for my company, i use the phone as normal phone"	0
The title says it all.	1
the telephone its very care.  just what I expected	1
"The telephone is good, BAD ARE THE SELLERS, that when the bid is won and they do not like it in the price that one wins the bid they cancel the purchase, and they say that the address is wrong and they have already sent to the same address, I do not recommend them."	0
"The telephone i bought was stolen ,could not use or get my money back!what i had to say was that .what more can i say other than ,D,ont take that deal!@@"	0
the team did not come out as advertised by the seller announces it unlocked and is not like that	0
The suspended shipping is shipped at the cheapest price  The seller is not good does not respond to inquiries	0
"The s-pen does not work, the headphones do not work. I hope I do not find any more phone faults"	0
"the specifications do not match what was offered, and it was 8GB not 32Gb"	0
The specification are incorrect in the ad. Pre-orders will be locked down hard. Be patient people the phone supply will stabilize later on. Rushing to put money down is not a good idea.	0
The speaker system does not work on the phone. Contacted Sony and ran the repair script but it did not fix the issue. The issue is more hardware. The phone only works with Earphone.	0
The speaker is terrible!!! It's nearly impossible to hear phone calls with any kind of back ground noise.	0
The speaker doesn't work. No media sound and no speaker phone. 	0
The speaker cover at the top fell off in 2 weeks	0
The sound quality is horrible. The screen has a glare on it. You tap on an app it takes forever. I would like a refund. 	0
the sound is very low I always have missed calls                                                                              i                                                                                                                                                                                                                i	0
The sound dont work know body can hear me 	0
"The Sony Xperia Z5 Compact is a great phone for daily use. I bought the compact edition because I was tired of all the new phones being so big. I wanted a phone that could be held and functioned with one hand. The Z5 works great. I've had the phone for about a year and a half and I enjoy using it. The phone almost never lags, however, there have been rare occasions where an app crashes and freezes the phone. The camera on the Z5 is probably the only complaint I have with the phone. I expected Sony to have a really good camera on their flagship cellular device. Don't get me wrong, the camera is not bad, I just expected more from it but the camera is decent. For some reason, the photos are just too sharp, sharper than it needs to be. However, the camera works well in low light situations. Besides me nit-picking about the camera, everything else runs perfectly fine with this phone. So, if you are looking for a compact phone that runs great and won't cost you too much, then this may be the phone for you."	1
the sony ericsson S500i is the best phone cause of its small figure and it has like four colors. the green is like the best one out of all of them.	1
The sliding keyboard doesn't work so well and there are scratches all over the item not worth 35$!!!!	0
"The SKY company has a long way to go... I was really disappointed in this phone. I believe android track phones from walmart work more efficiently than this phone. I got the Sky 6.0 for the screen... but unfortunately at the bottom of the screen is a big useless black border that takes away from the image. Also the graphics is unusually large, so it really defeats the purpose of the screen. And the program running the android absolutely sucks!!   Whenever typing on messenger or anything at all it goes super slow. It usually types in some weird words.. and so you have to take time to delete and re-enter the message at sloth speed!! And I even factory-reset it 3 times. So there weren't any background apps or downloads that would have caused the situation. And while on the topic of typing, they don't have a lot of keyboard choices.. so you're reverted back to the very basic of keyboard, like the first generation keyboard. So it's frustrating.  Besides the battery life, there wasn't a lot to love about this phone. Unfortunately. And I don't think it was worth what I paid. I paid $160 for a brand new phone. And after using it, it worked just a little worse than the $70 android track phones at walmart.. .just a bigger screen which didn't even turn out to have good graphics..  OH YEAH!!"	0
"The size is great for men&apos;s pockets! I don&apos;t like to wear it on my belt. The text size is also great when you&apos;d need to have reading glasses cause you control the size of your incoming text, very useful. The camera is 3.2 mgp, good for the price."	1
The SIM card is not working 	0
The SIM card is bad. Straight talk is sending me another one. So I'm not able to enjoy my new phone for another 4-7 days. Might want to look into this an see if it's an issue. First time I've got a bad one. Thanks.	0
"The silly thing was slower than dirt. It took several seconds just to exit the menu after pressing the end button. The phone had several good features, but the computer chip running it just didn&apos;t have enough power. I went through two replacement phones before deciding to purchase a new model. Recommend against. Terrible battery life and signal sensor. Other phones on the same carrier sitting right next to me pick up signal where the 325 picks up nothing."	0
The Sidekick is an awesome phone very easy t use and does everything I needed it to do.  I am very happy with it and I like the fact that it has a big screen and the phone is durable and heavy I really think it i just what I wanted and am VERY Satisfied with it.	1
The Sidekick is an awesome phone very easy t use and does everything I needed it to do.  I am very happy with it and I like the fact that it has a big screen and the phone is durable and heavy I really think it i just what I wanted and am VERY Satisfied with it.	1
The shuttle phone has some pretty bad features. You cannot switch the speakerphone on or off during a call. You have to turn speakerphone on BEFORE you receive a call. Like I have ESP or something to know when I will get calls. And you cannot turn off the speakerphone during a call. This one is even worse. You will be bumped out of an existing call if someone else calls you during your call and the phone switches automatically to the new call without you touching anything. I am very disappointed in these features and will just use this phone for a while until i can get rid of it.	0
The shipping was very fast. I received the item within few days only.	1
"The shipping came a day early, but the product was unsatisfactory. I would've just paid 10 or 20 more dollars to get better one if I knew the condition was like this. Screen has a little crack and space. I understand used phone's wear and tear. However, this is too much. "	0
The settings of the apparatus don't match the Samsung Galaxy S8... And yes to the settings of Samsung Galaxy Note! I'm feeling desapoint and Ill return the smartphone to the salesman! 	0
The service from the seller was great the product was brand new it came with a contract this seller gets 5 stars all around. i highly reccomend this seller.	1
"The seller, was very helpful. He made accommodations with me on the price. The person was very friendly and being able to work with me on the price."	1
"The seller, did his part, got the phone in great speed, it came with all the accessories, but unfortunately the phone sucked ass, so i sold it on craigslist.  made my money back."	0
The seller would not let me send it back as it was a wrong item ordered.  When I tried to get it to work it would not even come on.  He was going to charge me if I returned so I marked it up as a thing I will have to live with and be very careful when ordering items on Ebay.	0
"The seller was wonderful to deal with!  Communicates well, very prompt & courteous!  I would definitely buy from this seller again!  AAAAAA+++++++"	1
The seller was very understanding to the fact i no longer wanted the item and let me off the hook. And that is a great deal to me. Seeing that I&apos;m a first time buyer and i couldn&apos;t be more grateful for that.	1
The seller was very cooperative & seemed like a cool person. Thankful for the phone.	1
"The seller was unaware that the device had so many issues before shipping it out, but was very responsive and concerned when I made him aware of those issues. He issued me a full refund for the device. Due to how attentive and accommodating the seller was, I would recommend purchasing from him. Thank you again! I appreciate it. "	1
The seller was rude and refused a return on a bad phone. .....	0
the seller was not trust worthy and he canceled my purchase after i paid him the money. i wouldn&apos;t suggest  this seller to any one.                                        .               .	0
The seller was not serious. I never got the phone so I can't give the phone any value.	0
"The seller was great,  the phone has sprint carrier and it just wouldn&apos;t work.  It was not reliable.  My fiance would try to call me from work and on his way home and it would drop calls or just wouldn&apos;t work"	1
The seller was great in refunding my money. 	1
"The seller was great at sending the phone on time.  However, he said it would connect to verizon and sprint, and after several attempts and different trys, we could not get service with any carrier.  So that was disappointing.  The seller was great at issuing our refund in a timely manner. The product could have been great had we been able to connect it."	0
the seller was fair regarding the marchandise and the sending of item was made into a safe and fast way.	1
"The seller was awesome, shipping was fast and the phone was brand new in box just as it would be if I purchased from a retail store. I will definately shop this seller again.... A warranty was even offered for 20 dollars!  I love this phone... I actually get ALOT of compliments! Also.. this phone is ideal for a professional or anyone who is super busy.... I has a lot of business feathers and meeting setting commendations. I was a total apple head ( iphone, iwatch, ipad) but.... I'm so blackberry now.. the hardest part will be finding one... but that's why i fallow this seller now! :) "	1
"The seller was awesome, answered any questions and delivery was prompt.  The item was in near perfect condition.  The seller went over and beyond to make sure I was satisfied!  Would definitely purchase from again!  Highly recommend!"	1
The seller was amazing and love his communication skills fast replies and worked with me of the address when I boinked up. Will have to buy from him again some day 	1
The seller was accurate on the description of product. Also seller sends products in a quick manner. I received my product in less than a week. Thanks!	1
"The seller was absolutely awsome, but the actuall phone itself wasn&apos;t worth the wait.  Its slow between screens, you CAN&apos;T picture message, and it was a problem to dial simple phone numbers.  Especially when its an emergency.  But overall, its a new phone, but Motorala still hasn&apos;t gotten it right yet..."	0
The seller was a cheater!! He sold me an defective item and i unfortunately send that phone to overseas and later i got to find out thag the phone touchscreen was bot working. So He told me that he did returned me $15 on my paypal account but he did not!!	0
"The seller told that they will give me 30% refund after I let a bad feedback, then they asked me to open unreserved item to resolve that feedback, after there feedback had been resolved they didn't give me any refund "	0
The seller that was salaries is honest and kind. The phone did not work so she did not send it out because it was broken and refunded the money without hesitation. 	0
The seller sold me a phone that wasn't paid off so T-Mobile blocked the phone from any service that could be used on it until it's paid. The seller failed to mention in the description that it wasn't paid for and falsely advertised that it worked 100%	0
"the seller sold it locked, and failed to mention it on the ad. I was the sucker. Buyers beware!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"	0
The seller shipped the wrong phone and I decided to keep it but the phone he sent it was listed for cheaper and I paid more for the one I was suppose to get . He refused to give me a partial refund. It was his mistake not mines and you should do anything to accommodate your customers. Unprofessional.!! Bad experience. Be aware of this seller.	0
"The seller shipped the item out next-day, and it arrived in the proper packaging and securely protected. "	1
"The seller shipped it perfectly, I'm sure it could have been ran over and it would have been fine, the phone is near perfect and they sent it with enough juice to actually us it"	1
The seller ship to me a fake iPhone 6S PLUS please telle me how to refund my money	0
The seller sent the phone without a battery  	0
the seller sent the goods very quickly !!! only the goods didnt reach me !!! instead of the phone came a handful of stones !!!!!! not satisfied with the purchase I tried to contact the seller and he turned on the back and decided there was nothing to decide !!!  ! this seller didnt honestly and correctly didnt return the money to me !!!! I dont advise you to order goods from this seller otherwise you may not get them and lose your money !!! I am disappointed in this segment.	0
"The seller sent me the wrong phone.  It wasn&apos;t until I wasted much time trying to program it that I figured this out.  Once I contancted them they said they would send me a new phone as soon as I returned the new one.  I asked to be reimbursed for the shipping, they refused saying it wasn&apos;t their policy.  I decided to return the phone and ask for a refund.  The said they would and then sent me the new phone any way.  They were very unapologetic about everything.  I will never purchase from this seller again."	0
"The seller sent me the wrong phone.  It wasn&apos;t until I wasted much time trying to program it that I figured this out.  Once I contancted them they said they would send me a new phone as soon as I returned the new one.  I asked to be reimbursed for the shipping, they refused saying it wasn&apos;t their policy.  I decided to return the phone and ask for a refund.  The said they would and then sent me the new phone any way.  They were very unapologetic about everything.  I will never purchase from this seller again."	0
The seller sent me a fake Chinese made  phone. I cannot believe that someone can advertise on original Samsung S4 on eBay but still send a fake Chinese phone. That phone didn&apos;t even look like an s4	0
The seller sent it to a address i had 2 yrs ago and no longer have it. Tried to cancel 1 second after i ordered it but they told me it was already shipped and   couldnt do anything about it until it got delivered. when it they gave me another excuss why they couldnt refund my money. So no one is going to help so i lost $54.99	0
"The seller sent a non-work phone! On the phone there were problems that the seller did not indicate in the description!  On the phone, problems with sound and microphone!"	0
The seller sent a cheaper model	0
The seller sent a cheap AT&amp;T Go phone and then did not respond when I tried to contact them.  Once they did they wanted me to send it back then they would send the other phone.  Then they said they did not have the original phones.  They were suppose to refund my money but instead sent a slamming email when I left bad feedback.  Still do not have my money back.  SCAMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!	0
The seller send the phone without logout from I could and he said the phone unlocked and the phone was locked he send to me many password after I logged in the phone to remove the I cloud he keeps change I'm stuck with the phone now and the seller disappear. Be aware everyone. 	0
"The seller says the phone is unlocked. Actually, it is locked. It requires the code from the previous user. I requested the code from the buyer. He did not provide me with one, suggesting me to buy one from a third party. I did not, because the phone did not give me the option of typing in the code. I suggested to return the phones. My request was ignored by the seller. I am very disappointed! can't recommend this seller. Bad experience!"	0
The seller says the iPhone worked perfectly but it did not for us!  It changes screens by itself. And we have not been able to use it at all!	0
"The seller said this item was in perfect condition, and he was not lying. It is flawless! No scratches at all. Very happy with the purchase! Thank you! "	1
the seller said that the phone was in good condition. And it came with the ghost screen. when I specify that everything was fine And I also arrive wit	0
The seller said that the phone was in excellent condition and it had a noticeable scratch on the screen.	0
the seller responds really fast and is really nice but would have liked it better if the shipping was faster and cheaper but otherwise excellent i recommend it (:	1
The seller put up a picture of a silver iPhone 6s Plus. What I received in the mail was a space gray 6s plus and it took the seller 8days to even ship the device. Horrible experience. I will never buy from this seller again.	0
The Seller provided the products that they advertised and also delivered the telephones very quickly.	1
"The seller provided 1 year warranty, but when it broke they told that they can not do a thing about it... Nurmals ne? "	0
"The seller phones are network lock, but it was stated that the phones are unlock but is not true "	0
The seller of this phone is a complete fraud. I bought two of this phones and paid for them but the phones were never delivered to me. I&apos;m still waiting to see if it will be delivered because it&apos;s over a month that I bought the two phones.	0
"The seller of the iPhone 5 that I purchased claimed that it was unlocked, and ready to use, completely not true, the iPhone still had the initial Apple ID and turns out the phone was stolen!!!  Wonder if Ill get my money back, stayed tuned, how the seller responds to a problem will determine his character. "	0
The seller not are serius about the sales 	0
"the seller lied to me, the item does not serve and even so I sold it. the item is trash............................................................."	0
"The seller is very tricky about there cell phone products that I choose to buy it now. First, I ask for the tracking number within two days after I choose to buy it now. No respones from the seller after the transaction was close. Than, I go online to check on the shipping status of my phone and there system shows its in transit with no tracking number availble. Than, I decided to logon to the seller site and contacted them by using there other ebay listings and they told me the items were in back order and there was no delivery dates. The seller ask me to cancel order because there is no delivery date and no inventory. Buyers be aware of the seller unable to fulfill your order and with no shipping tracking status availble."	0
"The seller is very good.Good communication,Fast shipping.Well done Good job.the seller send LG Chocolate BL40 (Unlocked)is very good in condition it was the actual item that describe in ebay for advertising."	1
"The seller is too clever to take responsibility and Ebay were equally easy prey for his hunting skills, no help. The phone was not factory unlocked. Rooted device and he got away with it. I'm moving Amazon from now on. This should not have been tolerated. I'm disappointed that the guy twisted my facts and sold Ebay the results! "	0
"The seller is one of the best in my humble opinion. The pho for the price is one of the best. Don't hesitate to buy it, you won't regredit."	1
The seller is dishonest guys ..I placed an offer for him and he accepted it and I hit buy now but decided to make sure of the description and messaged him if the phone dual sim as it is in the description but he said no it is only one sim ..so I asked to cancel it and he said he can ship me dual by Thursday then when I insisted to cancel the payment he said I have one right now will ship it to you and he went to the phone page and canceled the description where it says dual sim card ..and he messaged me that I'm a pain in the a** so I reported him for his dishonesty and being un polite  ..that seller no way to trust guys be aware of his dishonest way No he wants to file unpaid claim and I already reported him to ebay for his sneaky ways and for cussing to me ..	0
"The seller is big fraud and lier i did not recieved the item till now and my refund claim time also got out due too seller fales promiss, very bad 1st time happened during buy some thing through ebay seller is not fair seller cheater"	0
"The seller is bad, no recommended "	0
The seller is a liar and the phones were not only not new but one was stolen! It took me almost 2 weeks to get a refund and the seller played games and is STILL emailing me asking me to change my review to positive! What a nightmare it was to buy a phone on ebay! 	0
"The seller is a cheater,please don't buy a cell phone in his store, or you'll get a refurbished cell phone."	0
The seller haven't with the EBay requirements for transaction. I end up cancelled deal with seller	0
The seller has not shipped the item on time as promised  and on top of it he has cheated the customer by describing wrongly  and the source of the item is unknown(stolen I guess since he could not provide the receipt from where he bought it) Tried to close the case by offering partial amount. Do not trust this seller. Ebay need to read all this info and make a decision 	0
The seller has not been cooperative as to being able to refund money and send postage label for return. The item is not as described it is not a refurbished iphone it is a replica the screen did not have a functioning screen and the replica phone is light compared to an actual iphone 6 plus. 	0
The seller has gone way beyond to accommodate my needs I recommend their service 	0
"The seller had just described that the phone had minor scraches. In contrast, it had a crack on the right down edge and such cracks may higly decrease the market values of a cell phone. Hence, it is would be better if the seller clearly describe such kind of cracks on cell phones before people buy and return them. "	0
"The seller gives bad information of the article saying that it comes unlocked from the factory but the cell phone is blocked, the communication is very bad never responds the messages."	0
The seller gave incorrect IMEI information and did not give the correct info. Very misleading. 	0
The seller gave a false information the phone is scratched and no headphone the usb cable no working thanks	0
"the seller does not respond to email, and never shipped my item! I will remove this review when i receive the phone. As of now, seems like a scam."	0
the seller didn't refund 	0
"The seller didnt mension that device is broken, Speaker is not working The phone cames with charge battery and its dead because the charger port is broken too and I cant charge that phone to factory reset so all my data can be erase to send back to seller for refund."	0
"The seller did not report that the phone  Unlocked AT&T Samsung Galaxy Note SGH-i717M is damaged from the earphone, when you put the phone in your ear you do not hear anything, only the speaker works, besides not accepting returns, I would like to recover my money,since the seller was not honest with the description, I would appreciate if you can recover my money US $72.99"	0
"The Seller did a great job communicating prior to purchase. The phone was very good and has no problems. My only disappointment was that there was no charger with this phone. I realized later that the description had not included the charger, but it was the first time Ive ever purchased a phone that didnt come with a charger. Since I had to buy charger separately it made the purchase price average for ebay, not great. I would recommend this seller, but would  advise reading the description carefully! "	1
"The seller described the phone as used, very good condition with some small scratches. I was pleasantly surprised that the unit was in like-new condition and could find no scratches. I am very happy with this seller."	1
"the seller described that he would send a new phone, and sent a used phone with scratched glass, sides, and broken pixels. but the return was made without problems)"	0
The seller deceived me the battery sits very quickly and has very large scratches.	0
The seller contacted me and let me know the phone was not functional properly before I paid and cancelled my bid. I appreciate the honesty and the thoughtfulness to check everything before shipping. Kind of bummed I didn't get a working phone. But appreciate good people more then the phone 	1
The seller cheated me	0
The seller charged me $123 but didn't send the item to me. When I contacted the seller saying that I didn't receive the item a week later got a reply back saying that oh sorry I do not know where the phone is. I will never do business with this seller anymore.	0
The seller cancelled the order. 	0
the seller canceled the transaction ...	0
"the seller canceled the order after winning it in an auction. is irresponsible, does not comply when it does not suit. I do not recommend she."	0
The seller cancel my order with out reason I would not buy from him anymore 	0
The seller blocked me from bidding for no reason at all 	0
"The seller advertise this phone as a public wireless phone, it was not.  Purchasing this phone cost me much, time and the loss of the money that I spent purchasing this product.  It was a major disappointment for me. I don't usually give reviews, but because of the bad practice.  I felt I must leave comments."	0
"The second sim slot  in this mobile operates on 2g which has been completely shut down in countries such as Australia, Japan & Singapore with more to follow.  The first sim slot will work on 3g but if you put a sim card in the second sim slot, you will see a message which says no service.  I have sent seller a message but no response.  I recently got scammed by a seller with this very model.  For the record it was not with this seller but am now on a mission to prevent others from the same fate.  If sellers advertise on Australias ebay site they cannot call a mobile a dual sim if it cannot operate as a dual sim in Australia.  At the very least they need to explain in their description that sim slot number two works on 2g and cannot operate in Australia or other countries where it is obsolete."	0
"The screens were broken.   It did turn on it when would vibrate and male noise. But the screens cost about 50$ . I could buy one new for 79.99 . So I didn't get it fixed,."	0
"The screen went blank on our phone after a month and a half. I tried communicating with seller about problem and received no response. I took the phone to a local repair store, and they said in their opinion the screen had been repaired previously and that it would cost as much as we paid for the phone to fix the problem. I then tried to initiate a return just outside of 30 days. The seller denied the return without any explanation or response to my original message. If I could give 0 stars I would. Unfortunately I had already given positive feedback right after receiving the phone. This experience would definitely fall into the negative category. I now know to wait and see how the product performs. Everyone but the seller is a loser here. Ebay just lost a customer in me, and I lost $200 thanks to Gillys Smart Phones."	0
"The screen it's to small for my phone , I want return this item"	0
the screen is very easy to break this phone is really very bad. i bought it a month ago and the screen already broke. there went 59$   ill never buy nokia again	0
The screen is too small.	0
the screen is black and wont work... worst buy ever...	0
The screen is amazing the battery is durable enough for all day when I working with it very fast processor  	1
The screen has burned in images of the keyboard and previous installed application icons.   Functionally it works fine.	0
the screen has a key board burned in it.I never put a chip in it.I have been waiting for tekreplay to tell me how to send it back	0
The screen had spots in it like it was sun warped and that wasn't mentioned. It also it alot more beat up than what they said it was. I am not happy and will be returning it. 	0
"The screen does not work well. At first it was working at 90% capacity. The worker at the store, when I set it up, said it was common for phones with the screens replaced to do this. Thinking, hey, 90% isn't that bad, I kept on with it. As the days progressed, in less than a week, the phone screen has to be turned off and on every 5 minutes, sometimes every minute to get the touch-screen capacity back. What this means is that when I touch the screen in certain areas, it will not register until I turn the phone off and on. This can be really frustrating. It also starts to click areas that I am clearly not clicking. This can be really troublesome when sending emails, or clicking through sensitive materials. In addition, the battery never lasts an entire work day, and I am not a power user by any means."	0
The screen did not work after short time	0
The screen broke after we had it for a few days.  It was in a case but not a hard shell.  It might have been squished in my son&apos;s backpack so hard shell recommended.	1
"The Sciphone and other Asian &quot;Clones&quot; of the popular iphone do a good job at capturing the cachet for a relatively small investment. For under $80 (or cheaper used) you can have a phone that, on the surface, looks and acts like an iphone costing several hundred dollars (plus monthly data plan charges.)    Going by several names, such as i68, i68+, i9, i9+, i9+++, these clones share the same dimensions, buttons, and display size as the iphone. They actually have two major advantages over the iphone;  1. they are unlocked and will work with any sim card, worldwide  and 2. They have two sim card slots so you can receive on one, and call on another, or slide in a foreign country sim while keeping your domestic one safely intact.     The major disadvantages are;  1. it is a totally different operating system, so you cannot use iphone apps.  2. It does not have wifi, unless you get the newer G2+ model.  3. the virtual keyboard is smaller and not as conducive to quick texting.    I bought several for my family, which just needed ATT compatible phones and did not want the $30/mo data charge, did not need wifi, and did not need useless apps. They worked right out of the box and everyone is happy. They will even work if/when we move over to TMobile!    For the wise and frugal family, the Sciphones and other clones are a great and affordable replacement or upgrade phone."	1
The Samsung is a great phone and the slider feature is great. It had come precharged and transferring data was easy. The Samsung Intensity II is a good value for the price.	1
The Samsung Galaxy S5 is a great phone and battery life is very long and the resolution is a 1080 P 	1
The Samsung Galaxy Note 8 I received was like new. I'm very happy with this phone.	1
"The samsung galaxy note 3 sm n900r4 is a model made for us cellular and is not functioning outside of their network, it is made for them it is a CDMA version with a sim card - my advice do not buy.  The Galaxy note 3 sm n9005 it is the international version that you should buy not the sm n900r4"	0
The samsung 7 Edge 32GB l but It was  scratch in front and back if l see it before l well not buy it.	0
The saler sent me the iterm which I didn't buy   and the saler want me to be responsible for the return payments when it is not my problem and in addition to that I already wasted money to clear it here let the saler send me the right product I ordered and put his/her address and money to send back his wrong percel because I don't think I should be punished for another person not being strict foward all I want is my items or my refund plus the money to send the wrong percel thanks 	0
"The said blackberry is not unlock as discribed, unlock means it can work outside US with any other sim card network provider. I just inserted sim card and its asking me to unlock before i can use it. "	0
"The RIM BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 features a brilliant internal display and updated interface. The smartphone continues to offer strong e-mail support and adds Documents to Go. Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and a 2-megapixel camera are also onboard."	1
"The RIM Blackberry 7520 is an inexpensive basic smartphone. The Nextel BB7520 will make phone calls and direct connect without any steps beyond inserting a Boostmobile sim card. Updating service books and downloading the Opera Mini browser can be managed with relative ease , even for the novice. There are many open forums that have a wealth of information of details of how to convert a Nextel Blackberry to be used on the Boostmobile iDEN network. The Blackberry 7520 can be found for around $5.00 which is inexpensive for any phone. Signed up with Boostmobile for $50.00 Unlimited Plan will have you browsing the internet , checking e-mail and exploring ebay with a decent sized screen and intuitve navigation controls. The worst thing about the 7520 is that you cannot stream video or download any media content, but what can you expect for $5.00?"	1
"The right side of the touch screen doesn&apos;t work making it impossible to do certain things, like type p&apos;s, 0&apos;s, and navigating certain menus.  Very disappointed.  The right side of the frame is slightly bent indicating that some kind of trauma damaged it and the seller was just trying to unload it."	0
The return policy and customer service of this seller is the lousiest one I have came across of ... Don't wate your time and money ... Avoid this seller with all means ...	0
The reception on this phone is phonominal.  Well made. Very clear and exceptional volume . Not many bells and whistles just a solid basic phone . 	1
the reason my dad love this phone is even best so i pay for this phone for my dad birthday...................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................	1
"The reason is has no back case is probably because the phone's frame is cracked and can't stay in place, "	0
"The reason I bought this phone is because the style caught my eye, it was $199.18 on the buy it now price and the sale lasted for 3 hours only. It seemd to have all the bells and whistles as a more expensive brand and I like LG. Also, I am moving overseas and I needed an unlocked phone. I have really no complaints but it does have a slight screen lag as compared to say Samsung Galaxy SIII, but if you asked me if I am enjoying using the phone Id say yes, if you want to know Im using straight talk $45plan and purchased their SIM to put in it and have been able to do everything I need and more. This phone met and exceeded my expectations and I couldnt imaging spending over $300on a phone that is still running the operating system. Overall I have nothing bad to say about it."	1
The RAZR V3A that I just purchased was actually better than the seller described...and seller provided FREE shipping. I have used this model RAZR flip phone for daily for business use since 2007 and this model has performed flawlessly throughout that time. I highly recommend this product and this seller.	1
The razr phone didn&apos;t last a whole week.... The speaker stopped working ... I basically wasted my money..	0
"the R225 is good BASIC phone, from AT&amp;T.   has Spanish/English option,   no camera, no bluetooh, no radio, no micro SD  use microusb connector (like blackberry) to charge and connect to PC   (you can connect to a PC and copy ring tones from PC to phone like USB MEMORY)  and the cost to UNLOCK this phone to use with other networks is low (maybe $1 to $4) (T-mobile phone is very expensive to UNLOCK to use with other networks)  the battery when is in standy by last 2 weeks  (when no use, only power on to wait a call)    other phone similar is the U2800 huawei but that is 3G tecnology, and the cost to UNLOCK is near $8 to $10"	1
"The purchased goods are broken camera operation, technical support HTC has determined that the telephone &quot;grey&quot;.  Application long to load and slowly work that causes irritation and discomfort. Purchase unhappy, although at the first sight on the telephone after unpacking everything"	0
The purchase resunto bad because this cell. 3g does not work. I claim this seller i did not fix the problem does not work. I claim this seller i did not fix the problem.  In the place where I live there 3g service but this cel. not what it says it does not bring the technical characteristics	0
"The pros of the product is that it is very portable and convenient, love the caller ID display and dial pad included on module. On the down side, it always gets interference. In the beginning or middle of most calls, you get a robotic grinding sound like a transformer transforming (yikes). If not for that problem I would rate it a lot higher. Love the features, just wish it would work properly. Tried with a couple of phones and get the same results. "	0
The products I have received from this seller have saved my family a lot of trouble.  I&apos;m very glad to have done business with this seller.  The timing for shipping was prompt and the products were in great condition.	1
The product would not work on verizon network so I returned it.	0
"the product was received defected and I sent  back to the seller, and I haven&apos;t received anything back ( the product or my money or any answer them)"	0
"The product was received and the battery was dead and it refuses to keep a charge. When it is on,it locks up and its a nightmare to get it to work again. The back it broken in to different places and it doesn't stay on,on the right bottom corner."	0
the product was perfect. thank you very much. distinguished salesman I can recommend it to everybody only. I say thank you for it once more nicely.	1
the product was not the expected madandaron other	0
"The product was not as decribed. There were multiple scratches on the screen, the back of the phone was missingbut the seller did not include that piece of info in the decription. My purchases in the past have been excellent, this was just a bad buy."	0
"The product was not as decribed. There were multiple scratches on the screen, the back of the phone was missingbut the seller did not include that piece of info in the decription. My purchases in the past have been excellent, this was just a bad buy."	0
"The product was not as decribed. There were multiple scratches on the screen, the back of the phone was missingbut the seller did not include that piece of info in the decription. My purchases in the past have been excellent, this was just a bad buy."	0
The product was locked to simple mobile for 12 months. I returned it.	0
The product was like new and works flawlessly 	1
"The product was just as described, and I got it incredibly fast! Would definitely do business with them again "	1
The product was in perfect condition. Seller shipped immediately upon receipt of payment and was quick to answer emails. Highly recommend buying from this seller!	1
The product was in good condition (just as described).  The seller kept me updated on the status of the delivery. I got it on time.	1
The product was in Chinese only.and was not able to set it in English 	0
The product was high quality and was shipped and delivered promptly.  We are very satisfied with our purphase.  the phone is excelent condition. The product works well and has met our expectations.	1
The product was genuine and fit exactly for the intended purpose. The product was in pristine condition. 	1
"The product was exactly as described, came with everything they said in the items description .. I LOVE IT ! "	1
The product was exactly as described and arrived very fast.	1
the product was broken. i returned it disapointed.the sgh-a707 series phone seams to be a good product.	0
"The product was as it was described, no complaints.  Addressed my shipping issue quickly.  Will buy again."	1
The product was as advertised and received in a timely manner.Happy with each detail. Have a nice day.	1
"The product was an awesome value and fast processor and the perfect gift for my roomie, had a problem with the circuit board, and the company was on it right away to make it right.  Great seller and very understanding."	1
the product was advertised as GSM unlocked iphone when receiving the product I quickly found out it was not GSM unlocked and I tried to get the phone unlocked twice to no avail long story short false advertisement don't say the phone is GSM unlocked when it is not!	0
The product that was sent to me was fake.	0
The product that I received was not able to be activated by Verizon.  There is a debt of considerable amount owed to the phone.  I had to return it back and now waiting to hear from them about sending a good phone.  The company is working with me to fill out my request. 	0
The product sucks because you can't hear when someone calls you the contacts double up when you sync from memory card when someone texts you it does show the name it shows what someone said not the name just a big hassle wouldn't advise people to get it	0
"The product stop working after 2 day of use.. Requested a refund but seller lied about the condition returned and refunded only half my money . Thankfully, I had did a video before mailing so I escalated my dispute and eBay issued me the difference."	0
The product shipped quickly and arrived in great condition as advertised. Waited until I had checked battery life and I am proud to report that everything works perfectly. Thank you!	1
"The product sent to me was NOT what I ordered.  I am now out of the country.  Also, I am extremely busy here.  I NEED to return the product after I come back to the U.S."	0
The product received was not the product described. The phone came to me completely broken and cracked while the description said &quot;a few light scratches&quot;	0
The product may be good but the seller used it to scam me. it was a scam. i end up loosing money and time. never received the ordered product. Till date i have been fighting to get back my money. I end up loosing money trying to buy this very cheap. Ebay could not help me because I used my credit card rather than PayPal. it was a nightmare. I learned my lesson.	0
The product is working very well	1
"The product is simply everything I had hoped for.  I had purchased it because I had to replace my CDMA phone with a GSM model, and the S5 was supposed to be the best value for my dollar.    The reviews of this product were correct. This phone has been a huge upgrade from my Galaxy S3, and I am very happy with it!"	1
The product is really what I was looking for. 	1
The product is on exactly what I had asked for	1
The product is old and the sistem is bad. And the seller isnt serius. I back the item and he refound my money.	0
The product is of excellent quality and I have purchased to use as a small computer to connect to a portable data show and make my PowerPoint presentations with window	1
The product is not new. In fact the phone I received had a screen protector attached to it. For other reason it is slower than my older G6 (broken screen now). The price is far but the product should not be advertised as new.	0
The product is locked to AT&T and there is no way to unlock your phone. Waited 10 days with no luck. Returning it back with refund.	0
"The Product is great, it has the same features as any other expensive unit, I would say that it has more features than the more expensive units. The personnel behind the sales are great in what ever support that you may need. As some say your satisfactions are guarantee."	1
"The product is great, but it is the seller that truly makes the process amazing."	1
"the product is good, but I buy the wrong seller.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------"	0
The product is good the seller is quick  in shipping arrived on time	1
"The product is for the Asian Market, GMS 1900/1800/900, HSPA 900/2100 , good luck finding carrier. No warranty, no support, Not FCC approved  "	0
The product is as described by seller	1
"The product is a piece of garbage.  After being spoiled with a company issued Iphone at my previous job and having experience with my wife&apos;s virgin mobile Android, I am ready to toss this thing in the trash.  The phone takes forever to change menus, it is not intuitive, and need I mention.... Windows blows!"	0
The product is a good backup phone. No memory and shuts off every now and again. Other than that it is a good back up phone.  	0
"The product I received was the product that was described. Small crack on the screen (how i bought it), but still in great working condition and no problems!"	1
"The product I received was no where near as described, and actually completely shut down every time I took a picture. The seller is without a doubt the worst experience I've ever had on ebay, they do not communicate at all and when you do finally get a response it is an automated one. I returned the phone a week ago still no refund or personal response. I wll personally never deal with estocks_usa  ever again and I hope any e reading this doesn't either. Their customer service is absolute trash and so was the product"	0
The product I got is from Verizon instead of AT&T. The seller won't admit that it's possible.  The baseband gone after upgrade to Android 8. eBay won't provide any resolution that makes sense.	0
The product heats up immensely while taking for more than 40 min. Its scary that it may explode anytime. Also this seems to be a refurbished phone even though the seller quoted it as New. On arrival there were marks on the phone that indicated this is not a New phone.	0
The product had all the features I was looking for	1
The product functions normal as expected.  I am enjoying it.	1
"The product does not match the description of the sale, offer a model and send another one, I offer an iphon 6s, and send a normal iphon 6 and then offends when it is questioned."	0
"The product didn&apos;t work, But that wasn&apos;t my worst problem, contacting the resolution center!! First you spend a couple of hours on the computor chating  to no prevail, then they send you to e-mail which they dont answer, they dont have an 800 number to call to talk to a &quot;person&quot; I&apos;ve been trying to get a refund back for 2 weeks now and still nobody answers my e-mails!!! I&apos;ve been in the chat room several times with the same old run around!! Its  been nothing but a nightmare!!! I know money doesn&apos;t mean any thing to them, but it does to me!!!! And I cant get mine back from them!!!"	0
The product description is clear. Great seller	1
"The product description has nothing to do with the product it self. The seller sold me what supposed to be ""Unlocked phone"" as a T-mobile locked phone. I highly recommend against buying from ""Cream C"" seller any product. YOu'll get nothing but troubles and lies."	0
the product came promptly sold to work nice to talk to everyone to explain.I am very pleased with the product item . high quality original design	1
"The product came just as I had expected it. Very good condition, and arrived to my home quickly. It is now connected to my plan and working perfectly"	1
The product came exactly as represented. I downloaded an instruction manual from the web and I was off on my maiden voyage as a &apos;smart phone&apos; user. I would buy this product again and I would purchase from this seller again; it was a positive experience.    jhk	1
"The product came damaged defective, heated up turned itself on an off  I asked seller for a new one an they refunded my money ... Will not buy here again went to Amazon  "	0
The product came as describe by the seller	1
The product arrived on time and in good condition and exactly as the seller described. Thank you. Would buy from this seller again..	1
The product arrived just as described. I liked that they offer me to return the product and no questions asked. That shows the quality of the merchant. They are commited to customers.	1
the product arrived incomplete and I tried to communicate with them with 3 email and did not communicate with me	0
"The problem is I lost after 4 days received it , sad story"	1
The problem is 2 months after purchase several buttons don&apos;t work. There is a 7 day return policy...gee thanks!	0
"the price was great,shipping always to high but seller always because of ebay fees are up they have to charge more now"	1
The price to performance ratio can't be beat.  Motorola is known for it's strong signal strength and this includes this phone as well.  I frequent the mountains and rural areas of western Maine where my wife's I-phone 5s and my son's Galaxy S5 can't even pick up a tower and i'm talking clearly on the Moto x gen 2.  Intuitive layout that even a 50 something like me can figure out in a snap.  Works very well with Google apps.	1
"The price seemed too good to be true.  But when I received the unit I realized that the manufacturer provided no credible evidence that using this cell phone, and especially its non-standard browser, would not expose me to significant privacy risks.  The browser shipped with the unit required access to all of the personal data I might put onto the machine (e.g., contacts and email).    There was no assurance that all of my information as well as all of my browser communications (including passwords I would use to access protected websites) would not, without my knowledge or permission be sent back to China.  So, I do not use this phone.  "	0
"The price and features are excellent, but the quality is poor. Durability wise it is totally fragile. Had the phone 3 days, dropped it three feet- slipped out of my hands- screen went white.  Phone is broken.  Done- History-No More Phone  Have had less sophisticated phones endure a lot more trauma than this little gem.  Don&apos;t waste your money."	0
The power button to turn on the phone came out won't turn on at all 	0
The post office put it in the wrong slot They told to file a claim	0
"The Pocophone F1 does not work in Elizabeth, New Jersey and won't work on Metro By T-Mobile. At least mine wouldn't. The Seller should've told me that the Pocophone F1 which was made in India might not work in certain parts of the US."	0
"The pixel has updates with the latest version of android. If you use google apps, everything is organized in one place. It's perfect! I was really excited when the google pixel came out. I bought it this year. Unfortunately, I misplaced the phone and it was never found and never returned. I couldn't avoid replacing it. So, I could not believe what I deal I had found with this item. It's perfect and I am happy with the replacement. Thank you! "	1
"The piece of poo (LOL) that the T193 is, is exposed. It always shut off, never sent the texts, which I was even surprised it had, and it was overall not the best i could have chosen. It worked for the time being, but i would not recommenmd"	0
The pictures are are really clear. The videos don't lag. Luv the front facing selfie flash	1
The physical condition was waay worst than advertised.  Scratches marks and dent! I could have gotten vetter quality for that price 	0
"The physical address is the post office in addison, tx. You would think a phone that lasted 35 days could be returned. I was told to contact Samsung about this refurbished phone. Ha ha ha! What a ripoff! Beware !"	0
"the photos did not correspond to the article sent, the product was hit and scratched "	0
The phones speaker sucks and it has a broken screen. I wouldn't buy from them again EVER!!!!!! 	0
The phones sim tray was broke and when I  tried to have it activated I  was told it was not unlocked. 	0
"The phones seem like they might be god once I am finally able to activate it. ""Best"" Buy apparently dropped the ball and didn't scan the phones before shipping so the SIM cards will not activate. Now I have to jump through hoops to get them up and running. Good Phone just buy it from a decent seller."	0
"The phones on this listing is NOT new as described. The packaging/OEM box was damaged, although the content of the box looked new (OEM charger, earphones & adapters). The phone itself had a hair stuck underneath the ""new"" screen film on the front and clear oily finger prints underneath the ""new"" film on the back. These protectors were clearly added by someone else than the Samsung factory after the phone has been used. My guess is that these phones are refurbished, they are definitely NOT new. I couldn't tell if the battery is in new or used shape yet."	0
"The phones looks great, I have no idea about the battery life because haven't used it yet, doesn't have any charger to charge it, also want to know if is okay to use outside of the USA, I travel very often thats why I wanted an unlocked phone. "	0
the phones great ive already owned one before so im very familiar of it. the only thing i dont like about it is the color red but at night it looks purple and day looks pink.lol but im not complaining its a great phone that i would recommend to anyone.	1
The phones don't have chips in then for use in the Carribbean.	0
"The phones are pretty, but beware mines wouldn&amp;apos;t activate because they were reported lost or stolen."	0
"The phone, perfect. The seller is a BIG MOFO!!!! Avoid. They name is thrifty-computer. They had my money for about 2 months. I wrote a lot of messages and they just ignored me. I also write to the web site and nothing too."	1
"The phone&apos;s functionality is exactly what I was looking for.  It&apos;s still in great condition minus a few minor cosmetic blemishes, but that&apos;s easily ignored.  Shipping was fast and everything seems to be in working order.  Lack of manual would be slightly bothersome IF my previous phone wasn&apos;t the latest model of this phone."	1
The Phone&apos;s condition were completly different of what the seller had on ebay. I will never sell something like that. On top of that I got to item from the same seller and he charged me delivery for both of them when and send it in the same package. he said that multiple items was in delivery charge but that was not what he did.	0
The phone you sold me is worthless. It does not even hold a charge and I can&apos;t even get it to stay on. Either the charger or the phone is junk..	0
"the phone you sent me was not the tracfone w370the phone you send me was w376///the 2 phones look the same but are not....I DID ALOT OF RESEARCH BEFORE FINDING NTHE W370////THIS IS THE TYPE OF PHONE I WANTED...I CANNOT USE THE CHARGER BECAUSE THE CHARGER YOU SENT ME IS NOT FOR THE W370 BUT FOR THE W376...SO I PULLED THE BATTERY FROM THE PHONE W376 BECAUSE THIS IS THE ONLY BATTERY THAT CAN BE USED FOR W370....BECAUSE THE COST WAS SMALL I DID NOT FEEL THAT RETURNING THE W376 TO YOU WOULD ACCOMPLISH ANYTHING.. IT WAS TO BE A BACKUP FOR THE CELL I HAVE///BECAUSE THE DIFFERENCES ARE SMALL BUT IMPORTANT I ORDERED ANOTHER W370 FROM ANOTHER SELLER, WHO WENT ABOVE AND BEYOND &amp; CONTACTED ME  RE THE W370 AND HIS SUPPLIES ON HAND////THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME &amp; EFFERTS"	1
The phone wouldn't connect to any sim card then it turned off and wouldn't come back on at all.  	0
The phone would not connect to the internet unless you were on Wi-Fi. I took the phone to the AT&T store to make sure everything was done right. They said that the phone had water damage. They showed me the indicator inside the phone that had turned red and said that indicated water damage. The seller did refund my money. The seller never even once said they were sorry that the product did not work out for me. That was II phone of the same model that I had to return because it would not go on the internet. At first it was not unlocked like it was supposed to be but I did get an unlock code from the seller. They did refund my money	0
The phone would might have been a good phone but the one I bought didn&apos;t work. People couldn&apos;t hear my wife talking on it plus it wouldn&apos;t recieve messages.	0
"the phone works, it does what I need it to the battery life is a little short.  it has limited capabilities and the software is rather old android 2.1.3"	1
"The phone works well, but sent without a box..."	1
The phone works well with our server and is comfortable and easy to use! The shipping was fast and care was taken in the packing of the cell phone. Most impressive is the nearly new look and function of the phone with the economy of buying without a mandatory timed plan.	1
"The phone works very well and functions perfectly. Like brand new. I was please when I purchase the phone new originally and I damaged it with water. Rather then settle for another phone, I found it on ebay for a very good price."	1
The phone works however it starts acting up and clicking on random stuff once data is turned on. It has called random people several times. I verified that it is real however I don't understand why it does this.	0
The phone works great! Thankyou. 	1
The phone works great the only thing is vcast crap trying to put pictures on the phone is problem but only than that everything is fine.	1
The phone works great I'm really happy with it. I am great full for having this opportunity to have access to this re-equipment option. Thank you 	1
the phone works grait it is in grait shape varry happy with the phone it was in grait shape thank you	1
"The phone works fine, didn&apos;t come with a charger (no big deal) but the issue I had was that the phone was a Christmas gift for my niece and when we attempted to swap phones with Virgin Mobile, we were informed that the original owner still had the phone under his name so we were unable to use the phone with my niece&apos;s account. I had contacted the seller and he reminded me of the &quot;as is&quot; policy..that wasn&apos;t what I was inquiring about. It was the fact that the original owner still had the phone under his acct so no one can use the phone until he cancels the acct or the company releases the phone due to non-service..which I doubt will happen. I even called the home phone number still set up on the phone (yeah, when you sell a phone to someone, it should come with no personal information of the original owner, which included, home phone number, text messages, and pictures). That was in poor taste and I will NEVER EVER purchase from that seller EVER AGAIN! It&apos;s not difficult nor time consuming to make sure an item you are selling is wiped of all previously used information and can actually be used by the new owner. It&apos;s pretty pointless to have a phone given to you that you can&apos;t even use in the way a phone is made to be used: talking!"	0
The phone works fine but had cosmetic damage it shouldn't have. It was stated to be brand new! It clearly was not! 	0
"The phone works fine and came when expected. However, the phone is clearly not new. There are a few scratches on the phone. Also, the keys have both chinese and english letters on them. I&apos;m satisfied with how the phone works, it just should be presented as a used phone because it is not new."	0
The phone worked perfectly even for an international sim it roamed perfectly.	1
"The phone worked for about two months and started showing a ""no SIM card"" error. Took it to the store and was told that there is something wrong with the phone itself. Wasted about $300"	0
the phone worked for about 3 weeks then started having problems now it is completly froze up and was a waste of $200.00!1!!!!	0
"The phone worked fine for the first three weeks, then just stopped working out of the blue.  It still had plenty of battery power left and showed no signs that it was slowing down or getting ready to break.  I just reached for it one night and it wouldn't turn on.  I tried pressing and holding down all the buttons.  The iPhone is designed to be sealed shut, so I couldn't take out the battery and attempt to reset it like I would my old Android.  I tried to turn it on for several days after that and still nothing happened.  One day, it just turned itself back on.  I knew going in that the item was refurbished and might have some issues.  The fact that it was described as being in ""excellent condition"" led me to believe it might have been tested before being resold.  Maybe not.  I think next time, I'll just buy new rather than try to save a few bucks on a refurbished model.  I was lucky I was home when it stopped working.  What if I was broken down on the side of the highway with my kid in the backseat?  Not worth the gamble.  I contacted the seller to return it for a refund repeatedly and received no reply. I finally contacted ebay and asked them to intervene and finally got my refund.  "	0
The phone worked fine and then stopped working after a week.  Unfortunately i had already left positive feedback for the seller.	0
The phone worked after we spent another $60 getting a new battery installed.  A disappointing purchase.  The seller had to know the battery didnt work.  I wouldnt order anything else from this seller.	0
"the phone worked about 2 weeks then the display started turning white occasionally. But it worked still okay until 4 weeks later, not only the display but the audio completely shut."	0
"The phone work great, good battery life ( from 8 to 20 of GPS, web app and some games). The best part is the IP67. Water proof!!! "	1
"The phone will reset and the screen goes OFF, DO I NEED TO KNOW IF forward it for repair or refund"	0
The phone will only make emergency call. ?? Not Good.	0
The phone will not take a charge. It doesn't work on my carrier and instead of trying to sell me 1that did they just shipped it. Ucell2us is the most unprofessional ppl I've ever worked with. I will not be using eBay ever again. I'll be using Amazon even though they put a 8% tax increase on my state. Only reason you got 1 star is because it wouldn't let me pick zero. Thanks for taking food out of my children's mouth!!!!	0
The phone will not hold charge long. When I put it on the charger it charge down instead of charging up. I'm very disappointed !	0
"The phone when recieved did not accomidate our cell carriers frequency. Bought in early Janaury 2008, returned February, still trying to get our money back from PayPal and seller. Bad experience."	0
The phone wasn't actually unlocked. could not install android updates because of the At&T lock.  Buyer beware. 	0
The phone was white not black	0
"The phone was what seller said it was , Phone work great, Fast shipping, phone was a great deal,camera in phone is great, !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"	1
"The phone was what I wanted but there were functionality issues. It would constantly restart 5-6 times in a row. Also, processor would stop responding as well as a lot of the apps. The company was on top of offing to replace or refund so that was amazing for them to stand behind their products. I just wish the phone would have worked."	0
The phone was very worn and it completely quit working after I had it for 3 days.  You couldn&apos;t turn the volume up at all.  This phone was obviously defective and therefore that was the reason for a no return on the purchase.	0
The phone was very worn and it completely quit working after I had it for 3 days.  You couldn&apos;t turn the volume up at all.  This phone was obviously defective and therefore that was the reason for a no return on the purchase.	0
"The phone was very used.  I want to the US cellular to have it turned on and they said it had otten wet.  Within a week it no longer works.  Buyer beware, used is used."	0
"The phone was very clean, no scratches but sometimes when I&apos;m talking on it, seems as if the mute button goes on and off and people can&apos;t hear what I&apos;m saying. It was a Christmas present for my daughter and I bought it early so we were not able to try it out until after the 30 day return deadline expired."	0
"The phone was used and not new. When attempting to activate the phone received, I discovered that the phone could not be activated in my name because the phone was in an existing account of someone else. I had to go through Tracfone customer service before I could begin to have the possibility of activating the phone. After talking to the Tracfone rep. for over an hour and being on hold most of the time, he said he was sending me a new SIM Card.  I had to wait for the new SIM card to arrive before trying again to activate. I understood through the Tracfone customer service the SIM# would be assigned to my account and could activate the phone when I received the card and installed. When I tried to activate the phone after receiving &amp; installing the new SIM card, I could not do so. I had to call Tracfone again for assistance for a phone that I was told was new but was not. The customer service rep went to her supervisor and after about an hour back and forth the phone was activated with my newly purchased &quot;double for life minutes card&quot; activation but the activation period would end that same day although I had 100 bonus minutes with the card. I then processed activated my newly purchased 60 minute card in order to use the phone past one day. If I had received a new phone as I had bid and won, it would have arrived in an unopened package (as advertised) with an enclosed card with the ser# and SIM # number. It arrived in the mail in an opened package. If it is used and not active, it does not work and therefore a useless a phone to me the eBay purchaser. This is the third Tracfone that I have purchase, one with Tracfone and the 2nd brand new on Ebay, and know how a phone can be activated. I did not receive the phone in working order and therefore; I consider the Tracfone as received as in poor condition."	0
"The phone was used and not new. When attempting to activate the phone received, I discovered that the phone could not be activated in my name because the phone was in an existing account of someone else. I had to go through Tracfone customer service before I could begin to have the possibility of activating the phone. After talking to the Tracfone rep. for over an hour and being on hold most of the time, he said he was sending me a new SIM Card.  I had to wait for the new SIM card to arrive before trying again to activate. I understood through the Tracfone customer service the SIM# would be assigned to my account and could activate the phone when I received the card and installed. When I tried to activate the phone after receiving &amp; installing the new SIM card, I could not do so. I had to call Tracfone again for assistance for a phone that I was told was new but was not. The customer service rep went to her supervisor and after about an hour back and forth the phone was activated with my newly purchased &quot;double for life minutes card&quot; activation but the activation period would end that same day although I had 100 bonus minutes with the card. I then processed activated my newly purchased 60 minute card in order to use the phone past one day. If I had received a new phone as I had bid and won, it would have arrived in an unopened package (as advertised) with an enclosed card with the ser# and SIM # number. It arrived in the mail in an opened package. If it is used and not active, it does not work and therefore a useless a phone to me the eBay purchaser. This is the third Tracfone that I have purchase, one with Tracfone and the 2nd brand new on Ebay, and know how a phone can be activated. I did not receive the phone in working order and therefore; I consider the Tracfone as received as in poor condition."	0
the phone was unable to to read my sim card and when I went to T mobile they tried a new sim card and it was not able to read that one either. I returned the phone	0
The phone was too old to proper be of use.  Iz is clasified as a smart phone but could not effectively surf or obtain data.	0
"the phone was the best choice ever for me , good working condition and at a very good price, i recommend this product to any one that will need, i have even send this phone to my friend in Ghana and he loves it and many many people are asking for a one"	1
"The phone was supposed to be unlocked, but was not.      Seller agreed to give me $25 back for an unlock code I purchased online.    Great communication!!!!"	1
The phone was suppose to be brand new.  It froze and would shut off and on. Then they took $50.00 off my refund saying I scratched it and I didn't nor did I get to use it.....DONT BUY FROM THEM	0
"the phone was stated that it has no dig nothing ,but when I got it , it was in bad shape . it had need a new back also bezel"	0
"the phone was sold to us in fair condition, but when it got to us it was in way better shape than advertised. all we had to get was a new battery, and us cellular  gives those away free. PHONE IS TOP NOTCH AND WE WILL BE BUYING AGAIN."	1
"The phone was sold defective, and if it was not, then Pharos is simply the worst phone I&apos;ve ever purchased. I can only use speaker phone as the phone is completely inaudable via the earpiece. Screeching sound comes on and affects my communication. The touch screen freezes often and is not very responsive. I believe the seller knew the phone was defective, sold it to me knowing it was defective that is why he indicated &quot;no returns&quot; in his ad. Unfortunately, I was out of the country when the phone came and only recently got back, tested the phone, and will neither buy this phone again, nor purchase from this seller, durom10."	0
The phone was reported as in excellent condition. There was a 2 long scratch on the face of the phone. 	0
"The phone was reported ""lost or stolen"" a d is useless."	0
The phone was refurbished. It wasn't packaged very well and actually not much less than a new one.  It had issues.  After hours of research I found others had the same issues and it's a manufacturing defect. The refurbishing was poorly done and I don't believe tested.	0
"The phone was received in good condition and functions fully, as advertised. :)"	1
"The phone was received in a timely manner. However, it started to lock up and turn itself off after about two weeks of use!"	0
"the phone was really broke, the antena was brake in parts, is not good for sprints like said and i paid right away and i recibe almost 3 wecks later thanksvery bad experience that mean that was like putting tmy money into a garbaje thanks   Hilda"	0
"The phone was purchased for my 17 year old daughter, who really loves the sidekick, but I refuse to purchase a new one.  It was received in excellent condition with all features operational and a trendy skin that was a surprise."	1
The phone was purchased for a friend to replace the battery on his phone.  He is delighted with the phone and it functions very well.  Fast delivery.	1
The phone was purchased for a Christmas gift.  I opened and checked it and turned it off. After the gift was opened it worked for a while.  I tried to contact the seller but I got a message back saying they did not provide the phone and I was a fraud.  I sent a message back which they did not respond again.  The phone was taken to the apple store and they could not repair it but provided a new phone after we paid the repair cost of over $100. I would not recommend this seller to anyone.	0
"The phone was purchased ""used"" and arrived with someone else's sim card. The phone was smaller than it appeared in the ad, and the markings on the keypad (letters, numbers, symbols) were practically microscopic. I had purchased this so I would't have to hunt and peck through a numeric keyboard in order to type text messages. What a disappointment! Also, I had to continually flip open the keypad and turn the phone sideways to perform some of the up-down-left-right functions. I'm very glad I didn't spend a lot of money for this, as it will now sit in my drawer, unused."	0
"The phone was purchased ""new, still in the box"".  The phone came in a box, without the user manual and came with a damaged screen.  The screen has black digital dots on it, the dots are both randomly scattered in single dots as well as in larger groups, making the screen partially visible. The phone is not as described nor does it reflect ""new, still in the box"".  Disappointed in my purchase.  I am using a ""new"" phone that came with damages. "	0
The phone was perfect for what I needed.	1
The phone was overheating; and had issues with the firmware or operating system. I think it was not properly unlocked as it was previously locked to another network	0
The phone was not. Brand New. It have been open box and it from Verizon. It had a little scratch on top left hand side.  It said in here the phone was brand new and unopened and seal. But it not  I am very very disappointed 	0
the phone was not working apropriately even do que change the battery. I bought it because a AT@T phone for my daughter.	0
The phone was not unlocked I took it to T-Mobile and they said that it was not an unlocked phone so I sent the phone back	0
The phone was not only used but broken.  The outside screen is broken and also the handle where you plug the charger.  You didn&apos;t even mention the fact that this phone was damaged.	0
The phone was not only used but broken.  The outside screen is broken and also the handle where you plug the charger.  You didn&apos;t even mention the fact that this phone was damaged.	0
The phone was not only used but broken.  The outside screen is broken and also the handle where you plug the charger.  You didn&apos;t even mention the fact that this phone was damaged.	0
"The phone was not compatible with Verizon, Straight Talk, nor T-Mobile. I have no use for the phone."	0
"The phone was not compatible to USA T-Mobile specifications for the Internet use nor did the TV work, the radio worked. Peter, was understanding, however, the phone according to my standard was a bad choice of a purchase, it was actually a waste. I give Peter a rating of Good. The product a rating of Below average,."	0
The phone was not able to be activated. I took it to a service center and was told this phone was discontinued from all services and could not be activated. I went to 2 places and was told the same thing so I got a refund from paypal and threw this JUNK PHONE in the trash! will never buy another phone from ebay... my 2nd phone and both were JUNK!	0
"The phone was nice, I just ordered another one for my friend and she likes it"	1
The phone was never sent and seller does not respond to messages. 	0
"The phone was messed up when I recieved it. Wouldn't stay on, kept turning off and then it would stay on vibrate. It was a defective model had to go get a new one from actual verizon store. "	0
The phone was locked into previous users account and he wasnt willing to share his login details or even unlock it. 	0
The phone was locked	0
the phone was listed as a year old and in working condition . it was a year old but not in working order the phone flashed on and off as soon as you put memory card in . the seller said he never used memory card ! it had music on it and photos so they must of got there by themselves! when i spoke to the seller he said it must be the card which was faulty but tried in a friend&apos;s phone and found stuff on card and card was fine !!!  ask for refund and he said no refund dont buy from thi man !!!!	0
The phone was linked to Roger's Wireless and wouldn't function very effectively with Metro PCS phone service	0
The phone was like new conditions! Great buy! 	1
"The phone was just as expected, and was received quickly."	1
The phone was inexpensive and came fast thank you	1
the phone was in very bad shape all u can do was trash it an i did the same now u can imagine wht condition was the phone in when i got it the product was not looking the same as the pic at all	0
"The phone was in terrible condition, I had to spend 300 dollars to repair phone"	0
"The phone was in such a great condition for being advertised as ""used"" Really great value for my money. "	1
The phone was in perfect condition brand new was able to connect the phone to MetroPCS network successfully extremely satisfied amazing deal at the price 	1
"The phone was in great shape, it just wasn't able to connect to my sim card. i thought if it had a clean imei then it should be able to connect to any sim card... and then when i returned my phone back i still haven't received my refund....not good business at all."	0
"The phone was in great condition, but it was not unlocked correctly for AT&amp;T network.  You could not receive Mult-media messages.  Ended up being a total waste of money for me because my fiance doesn&apos;t even use it at all!"	0
"THE phone was in great condition, AND I HAD NO PROBLEM WITH ACTIVATING THIS PHONE, IT HAS GREAT FEATURES AND IT WAS A GOOD PRICE.....LOVE THIS PHONE :)"	1
"the phone was in good working condition having some problems on getting service it on it but I believe that is just metro way making more money off you. nice buying experirnce. mailed very quicklt and it will be another one to the moto I am collected up. thank you very much for your your time and may god bless your ways and paths.                         thanks,                                AK5"	1
The phone was in good condition as it was mentioned in the description. It was a bit slow delivery to canada from usa.   I love the product.  Thanks	1
The phone was in excellent condition. Great price received it in like 3 days after shipping maybe too. But anyway I love it. Got my sim stuck because I need an adapter and broke the little prong which reads the sim  which was my fault but really nice phone and will be buying from the seller again 	1
"the phone was in excellent condition, and the seller was true to their word. I received the item just in time."	1
The phone was in excellent condition as the seller said in the auction.  Works well and could not be happier regarding the auction.  	1
The phone was in excellent condition absolutely flawless.  Unfortunately upon friends delivering it to my overseas location. I found the phone unservicable. I contacted eBay seller & told me it was working before shipping.  ( sure  it was)  anyway due to no courier service able to ship back to them.  I'm stuck with a brick.  There's no compromise with eBay or the merchant.  Due to my circumstances.  I will never buy off eBay ever again as Amazon prime is selling this phone for $250.00 Brand new with warranty. Moral to the story pay extra get new unless you're in country at the time of receiving the items. 	0
"the phone was hot when we got it, the battery was install and was not rap .it took over 3 hr to get the phone working.... then it started to over heat and shut off,had to wait to cool to turn it back on....WHAT A JUNK...WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY"	0
"The phone was good, but one problem it didn&apos;t come with a sims card. And metro pcs don&apos;t make that phone anymore so they don&apos;t have the sims for it  so I wasted my money and had to buy an all new phone."	0
The phone was good and i liked it however a week later the phone would not even turn on. I tried to get a hold of the seller and I got no respond.	0
The phone was full of inappropriate pictures - it was a gift for my young niece.......................................................	0
The phone was for my son and he likes it alot it is very similar to the iPod touch so it works well for him. iOS is a great software for young and old.	1
"The phone was fine, but it was a waste of my money because it couldn&apos;t be hooked up to service any longer because it isn&apos;t GPS enabled.  I did not know this and wasted my money."	0
The phone was excellent the only thing that the description was not accurate because it says it is unlocked and the phone is locked and I had to pay money to unlock.	0
"The phone was exactly what I ordered at a good price and arrived much sooner than expected, even during the Christmas mailing season!!"	1
The phone was exactly as described.  Shipping was fast...we are very happy!	1
The phone was exaclty as described. It is in great working condition. Everything was prompt and exact. Everything was appreciated very much	1
"The phone was disassembled, it is absolutely not working, everything is broken inside !!!!"	0
"The phone was described the way it looks in actual hand, the seller was fast and easy to work with, got the phone sooner than expected."	1
The phone was delivered quickly and in good shape. The seller was responsive to my questions. Overall a good experience.	1
The phone was delivered in a timely manner. I spent hours over a couple days trying to get it hooked up.  Straight talk finally sent me a new sim card.  So a week later when I got it I spent another hour on the phone getting it hooked up.  It worked alright for about a week.  Suddenly and without warning the screen whited out.  I could not see any messages or send any or do any of the options which required me seeing the screen.  This included viewing contacts which really made it difficult to keep in touch with someone.  Unfortunately since having a cell I no longer remember many phone numbers.  Would not do this again.  I have been without any phone for the last 2 wks.	0
the phone was defective	0
The phone was dead on arrival and the seller refuses to reply his messages.	0
"The phone was completely scratched. I would have returned it, but I was leaving the country, which was my mistake, of course. But it was not worth the money, despite the fairly cheap price. I couldn't change the language either. It was scratched, looked stolen, and didn't function properly. It was also promised, that there would be NO markings from previous use on the screen, but there was.   I regret buying it, and I regret not being able to return, too. Of course, the last bit was my own mistake. "	0
THE PHONE WAS BRAND NEW WITH THE WRAPPER STILL ON THE SCREEN VERY GOOD DEAL	1
the phone was brand new as stated in the ad and packaging was good. Will buy again. 	1
"The phone was brand new and worked perfectly. I brought the phone for my grandmother, so I wanted something functional and not too complicated for her to use. She loves the phone and I have no complaint whatsoever. Thanks!!"	1
"The phone was beautiful, New and perfect.  Absolutely love the rose gold color!  Flawless!"	1
"The phone was as described. Got here faster than I expected which was a big bonus, and overall a great seller that did not present any complications to the transaction."	1
The phone was almost like new. No cosmetic damage anywhere. (Described as excellent condition). LG did great with the design. Best phone they have created. 	1
"The phone was advertised unlocked, after purchased I realized that it was not unlocked , I intend to open a case with eBay buyer guaranteed."	0
"The phone was actually in better condition than I expected; it was graded (and priced) as a B grade phone but when it arrived, it was nearly flawless.  It works like a new one,  looks great, and sold at a great price.  Ive used it for a few weeks now and am very happy with it.  Customer service was very knowledgeable and helpful as well.  Yes, I would recommend this seller.  And yes, I would buy from them again."	1
"The phone was a piece of junk, the internal phone settings  kept changing  on its own. i tried to work with at&amp;t customer service , the phone i was sold kept getting disconnected, people on other end could not hear me , changed sim card , did a restart on phone, the phone was just bad , i could not get  a refund , i spent 12 hours with at&amp;t trying to get this phone to work correctly."	0
The phone was a great value.  Picture quality is much better than my iPhone 5.  Its larger than expected but that is not a problem.	1
"The phone was a good buy, and seems to work just fine. HOWEVER I have gotten multiple marketing emails from the seller, trying to sell me additional or continuing services for the phone. I consider this an annoying misuse of my buyer information, which is why I have rated the buying experience unsatisfactory. I will not buy from this seller again."	0
The phone usually freezes in use while performing simple task like watching YouTube vids ect 	0
The phone turns off when I close it too fast. Obviously why the person got rid of it in the first place. bl a bla bla bla bla bal	0
the phone turns off bad battery	0
The phone turned off and wouldn't turn back on 30 days after we bought the phone. I bought 3 phones from the same seller at the same time...  ONE phone died about 30 days after purchasing and seller wouldn't do anything about it. I read some other comments and found out that this is not an uncommon occurence.  My other two phones have short battery life.  They charge all night and are dead before dinner.  I replaced the dead phone with a microsoft Lumia 640 bought directly at the ATT store with a ONE YEAR warranty for just about the same money that I spent on the Lumia 920... IT WORKS GREAT!  HIGHLY RECOMMEND GOING THAT ROUTE.... 	0
"The phone took a long time to arrive. When it did arrive, it was a beautiful phone, however; when I took it to Verizon to get a sim card, the phone did not work. I am working on returning it. Jerry Edwards"	0
The phone took a charge 2times then would not turn on . The screen was pitted and crazed although it was advertised as having numbers and letters etched into iit was quite well used.	0
The phone that was sent to me was not as he described. The phone never charged and if it did on a rare occasion it would only charge up to a certain point. I have now returned the phone and have received messages from the seller  blaming me the buyer for his faulty product. 10/10 do not recommend buying from this seller he will just blame you for everything. 	0
"the phone that i purchased was supposed to be in exellent condition it was shot ,no good cant receive signal."	0
"The phone that I ordered, received, and paid for was advertised as a new phone; however, when I received it, it was not in the original box, it was in a private label generic box and the phone had scratches all over it.  I am highly disappointed in not only the false advertising, but the quality of the product is horrible.  I would not recommend that anyone buy a phone from this place.  The phone was also not an unlocked GSM phone, it was locked through T-Mobile and pictures, videos, and SMS text messages wouldn't work.  Also, after the 3rd week of ownership, the sound broke and when you talked nobody could hear you.  This was a poor choice of phones and IT WAS GARBAGE!!!"	0
the phone that I hv rcvd from the seller was totally dead/doesn&apos;t work at all. bad bad badb adbadbadbadabadbadabadadadadaddadadadadddaadaddaadddabad !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	0
the phone sucks would not buy from this person again. the phone did not work after it was charged. that is bad selling.	0
"The phone sucked. I could hear the other side, but they could not hear half of what i said. The seller was really good in responding to messages, n shipping was quick too. Its just that the phone that he sold me sucked."	0
The phone stopped work after one month. Something wrong in the hardware. Absolutely not a good choice.  	0
The phone stop working two days after I got it so I had to buy another phone so I&apos;ll never buy anything from this seller again I just waste my money for no reason at all	0
The phone started having issues after 30 days. Phone battery didn't hold a charge . The phone shuts off after if it is 50% or less of a charge. It continues to glitch and beep. I told this to saler and he wasn't consistent with helping  to fix the problem.  Phone was suppose to be new. He stated that the battery might be bad. But never offered to send a new battery.  He sent a shipment label with a 24 hour expiration date and didn't inform me he was doing so. His communication was not the best. . So now I'm stuck with a phone that doesn't work. 	0
The phone spent stay in for some reason	0
The phone so far is working great. The package was a little beat up but that was the shipping company. But the battery life is good under high usage and the cameras great. 	1
The phone should have had at least 8gb of ram. Simply downloading apps sometimes is a problem because there&apos;s not enough ram. The proccessor is slow and sluggish and the phone freezes a lot. I am very disappointed with LG and the phone(LG L9) is not up to my standards at all. I sent the phone back because it isn&apos;t a good phone.	0
"The phone received was originally intended for a Verizon network.  I am trying to use it on my AT&T network, and it's not fully functional.  In fact most of its ""smart features"" don't work.  I can't access internet sites, MMS messages won't open media attachments or messages addressed to multiple recipients.  AT&T and Samsung support techs. have been unable to figure out the problem.  So, be very careful when purchasing this product.  I have just contacted the vendor for assistance as well and may revise this review pending their response."	0
"The phone received calls just fine, but the WIFI kept getting an error message everytime i tried to connect it to my wireless, but since Ive already bought a new phone, I decided to keep this phone for a backup."	0
The phone programming was messed up. I'm in America and the phone language inputs in chinese. You would think with the shipping address they would check to make sure it's correct. Especially with the long shipping time to rectify the situation.	0
"The phone only lasted two weeks then died, no fixing it, just dead and done. Before it died I could only use it for about 2 or 3 short calls and the battery would die within a few hours. I bought a battery from ebay and before it got to me I didn&apos;t need it because the phone was done."	0
The phone only have 8GB	0
"the phone not load properly, is Frieze, restarts constantly"	0
"The phone never worked it never came on i charged the battery externally and still the phone didn't come on it was a piece of crap they sold me and telling me to return the phone, the cost to return the phone will be more than I paid for it, as far as I am concerned those people are on tricks selling people non working phones. Buyers beware until I have something good to say this is my comments.I paid for a dummy phone yayyy. "	0
the Phone never arrive.	0
"The phone needed a new battery so I got one and the phone won&apos;t work, it turns off and then resets and it just keeps doing so"	0
"The phone needed a new battery so I got one and the phone won&apos;t work, it turns off and then resets and it just keeps doing so"	0
"The phone needed a new battery so I got one and the phone won&apos;t work, it turns off and then resets and it just keeps doing so"	0
The phone looks very nice and it feels good in my hand. The  back is slightly curved. The  buttons are conveniently placed. ( not like my Lg ) although they're on opposite sides from my other phones.            ( Samsung ) The screen feels nice under your finger and is very clear and bright the colors are vibrant. The Ram is adequate as is the internal memory ( you can add more if you wish ). The operation is faster and smoother than my Lg because there is no lag.  Now for the not so good things. I don't  think you can send a scheduled text without installing s separate application. The battery could have more capacity. The bezel around the screen should stick up above the glass to minimize scratching. The battery should be removable so that it can easily be replaced and to reboot the phone. It's profile could be smaller there is a lot of unused screen. Of course making it smaller would change the way it sits in your hand. Overall this phone is very nice in every way. It looks expensive but it's not. It is in my opinion a very good value. Well worth the money and defiantly worth looking at. 	1
"The phone looks thin and cute, yet the software is slow and different (not better though) from other Samsungs, which I found silly. Although the post said the phone was unlocked and would work with any network (I have Cingular - at&amp;t), I had several problems with texting. In particular, not all the messages I sent reached destination (the phone said message sent but the message was never received) and, viceversa, I did no receive some messages that were sent to me. I had to return the phone and am still waiting for refund.   I am pretty disappointed."	0
The phone looks great!!!!!!! And it works great!!!!!!! Fast shipping!!!!!!!! Great price!!!!!!!! Great ebayer!!!!!!!!!                                                                                                                                                                                                             .	1
The phone looks great and performs even better. Thank you for being legit	1
The phone looks good but the images burns in to the screen if you stay on a page to long and the battery life is no good. With a fully charge battery my phone last all of 7 or 8 hrs before its completely dead	0
"The phone looks good and the price is reasonable. The big problem is the phone was not unlock with sprint,still under contract in someone's name. I can not active the phone, so add to send it back."	0
"The phone looks better then I expected, fully working battery&apos;s life is very good, so im realy happy with this phone, thanks a lot!"	1
The phone looks as new. But unfortunately the battery lasts no longer than 2 hours	0
The phone looks as good as new. Got this for my dad who has trouble typing on touch screens because of shaky hands. Having the full keyboard helps him a lot. Great value for $50. Hooked it up with a $15/mo plan from Redpocket and works great.	1
"The phone looked new as stated, judging by appearance and the new esn#.  However, the phone would not power up and because it would not power up, I was not able to activate the phone or obtain service as the phone had to power up in order to be programed for use.      I Contacted the seller with 4 phone calls, no one was available to assist me, I was told on each call.      Went to 3 different cell phone stores for help with phone.  Assuming it was the battery, I tried new batteries in the phone and the phone did not work.  This purchase costs me additiional monies in gas and battery investments.  After returning the phone, I received an email from the seller stating that the phone powered right up when they received it.  However, I know this is NOT true as I also took the phone to the corporate office of MetroPCS in my area and they could not power it up either.     This was a very disappointing purchase experience."	0
The phone looked good and worked perfectly. Very happy with the purchase.	1
The phone looked brand new.  No scratches.  	1
"the phone locks up, and now it shuts off all the time, its going in the trash, its been one headache after another, i guess that&apos;s what you get buying a used phone on the net, i wont do that again, a buck fifty down the drain,"	0
The phone lasted 3 weeks and went dead. I called and the girl said to send it back. I sent it back and they returned it to me still broke. It happened at day 30 of the 30 day return policy. Don't waste your money here. Lots of good reviews but this one isn't one of them. I would have gladly paid an extra $100 for another phone but they refuse to communicate. I now own a $214 paperweight!! Buyer beware!	0
"The phone kept on shutting off by itself.  I think something&apos;s wrong with the battery! Overall, the look is very cute, very small, and portable for girls to carry around.  Ring tone very loud with i like.  But they need to do something about the battery tho."	0
"The phone keeps turning on and off, and can barley hold a charge. The condition physically was very good. I&apos;m not sure if its just the battery possibly being shot?"	0
"The phone keeps freezing and will not allow me to answer calls, have to constantly do 3 finger reset to get the phone working, believe it may be a knock off, as I own 3 other n8 and do not experience these issues."	0
"The phone itself wasn&apos;t in full working order. The colors on it were distorted, and when you typed on the keyboard the screen flashed, and above all it wouldn&apos;t connect to my computer via the USB. This company shipped me the wrong phone, then asked if i would like a replacment and i informed them i would, and shipped it back. After shipping it they asked if i would like a return lable. Once they got the phone back i received a e-mail saying i had been refuded my money, and i tryed to refuse it thinking i was still going to get a replacment phone, and after contacting them again i found out they didn&apos;t have a replacment what so ever. This company lied to me several times and i&apos;m out the money for shipping it back because of THIER mistake."	0
"The phone itself was ok nothing special at all, very old design I believe grayscale lcd. The biggest problem  had with it nextel told me there was something wrong with the sim card and that they could not activate it after the other store said it was good to go. My wife bought it thinking it was a sprint phone after the shady seller wrote sprint-nextel(like they are compatible which they are certainly not)and I was willing to switch over since at the time I was paying money without a phone but it just fell through at the nextel retailer. So I found another phone on ebay and my old phone finally came back on after being washed in the washing machine(like sprint buy sanyo they are great) and now I&apos;m trying to decide whether to keep the phone I bought on ebay or turn my old phone back on with a couple of not working buttons but is so much better in every way(decisions, decisions lol) so all is well. but like I say the phone is old school looking to say the least"	0
the phone itself isnt a bad phone but is not virgin mobile and screen watch cracked and didn&apos;t say anything about it haveing a cracked screen	0
The phone itself is really good but i cannot download some apps. Even in the store of the phone the apps are quiet limited.	1
The phone itself is great. It's in mint condition just like new but the batteries absolute corrupt and the phone can't be used unless it's plugged in	0
"the phone isn&apos;t reading the SIM card consistently. probably why it was available in the first place, but don;t really know for sure."	0
"The phone is working fine,it is what I expected "	1
The phone is way to slow and it can't even handle Snapchat. Half of the time it shuts off and you could only last an hour with it 	0
The phone is very nice it has some unnecessary apps that cannot be removed but if I'm talking on the phone I sound very distorted to other callers only had the phone for about 2 weeks and this seems to be the main problem on every call they eother can't  hear me or the phone call is distorted. Everyone sounds clear on my end though 	0
The phone is very light and fairly compact. It provides great color screen and an incredible value at a price of $49.99 brand new with no contract required.	1
The phone is very good.	1
The phone is very difficult to use. You have to push the buttons several times to get the right letter. The camera is very small and the pictures are not clear. It is just to difficult to use. Very confusing menu.just not a great phone. It is not what we expected. We thought it would be easy to use. Not the case. We received it on 8/13 .we tried to set it up. We decided to send it back on8/14 and the seller refuses to take it back. This issue is not over yet.	0
"The phone is very compact and light, but also durable. I would recommend this model to anyone who wants a good phone that can take a bit of a beating and still work when you need it to."	1
"The phone is very attractive and seem to have the basic functions that a person may need from a cell phone. Unfortunately, the phone was not new as described in the auction and did not work at the activation time."	0
The phone is useless won't do anything 	0
The phone is used and not new others as was described and it looks like a small crack on the screen I will check it out and if it is a crack I will send it back 	0
The phone is the greatest! I had no problem getting activated and the funcutions are great! This phone is great for anyone.	1
The phone is supposed to be awesome but this seller is not 	0
"The phone is still blocked before sending ro customers by AT&T service in USA, I couldnt use it and had to return it. Wasted a lot of time and money to send back to seller. "	0
The phone is small enough for me to carry while I'm working outside I work as a landscaper and require a small but powerful phone.	1
The phone is refurbished badly with second hand parts! Already Im having problems with it!	0
"The phone is really pretty, but all of the chargers that I have bought and used for it have not worked. The description did not state that I would need a ""specific"" charger for it. It would have been nice to know that before I bought the phone. So I have not used it yet."	0
The phone is perfectly working. It is new and never been open as it as said in the description. The seller is absolutely trustworthy. Looking forward to buy other stuff from you. thanks man.	1
THE PHONE IS OUTDATED SOME OF THE FEATURES CAN NOT EVEN BE PICKED UP BY THE LOCAL VERIZON WIRELESS TOWERS.  I HAD TO DO A MANUAL PROGRAMMING ON THE PHONE IT COULD NOT BE PROGRAMMED THROUGH THE *228 SYSTEMS THE PHONE IS OK FOR NORMAL I CALL YOU YOU CALL ME BUT THATS IT EVERYTHING ELSE IS AWFUL.  IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR JUST A CHEAP PHONE TO CALL OUT OCCASIONALLY ITS OK IF YOU ARE LIKE ME AND USE YOUR CELL FOR ALOT MORE LOOK AT SOMETHING ELSE	0
The phone is ok.  	1
"The phone is nothing like it was descried,,i suppose to get a almost new phone and instead i got a phone that my as well be used just for parts...The keyboard is totally worn down and the slider is broken, the phone doesnt even shut properly...But i contacted seller and he said it was a mistake and he is going to resolve the issue..."	0
"The Phone is not working. when I put the SIM card phone prompts for a password. I solved the problem, bought a turbo sim card there put a new sim and earned the phone, but to me it was worth $ 25"	0
The phone is not working. There's a problem that the phone repair shops cannot fix. Either I need a replacement or can I get my money back.	0
the phone is not work	0
"The phone is not unlocked as in the description given,there for it is useless to me.The shipping was excellent ,was delivered on time. The phone is in good condition as promised but unusable because i dont have a code to unlock it . ATT wont unlock it because they want it used with thier plan which is why i wwas looking for a unlocked phone which is what this phone was advertised as."	0
"The phone is not unlocked , it does not meet specifications set forth in the notice.  I think a lack of respect that do not comply with what is offered  and do not give me solutions to the problem  the phone is not unlocked. I want my money back. or to send a phone that meets the specifications . "	0
the phone is not unlocked 	0
"The phone is not that mention  I can't use the phone, is not unlocked "	0
"the phone is not real 4G smartphone, does not support 4G LTE network of T-mobile carrier, shows 3G, or UMTS, or HSPA on network type"	0
The phone is not new at all have scratches im very disappointed i will never buy again from seller they are selling use cellphone claiming they are new	0
"The phone is not new according to the seller, and restored. Generally scammers."	0
The phone is not functional on arrival refusing to activate. Only after a trip to my local Apple store and paying a substantial amount for repair could I use the phone that I had already paid for.	0
The phone is not a boost mobile phone and its no good you cant even activated the phone a no win on both behalf i am very disappointed  	0
The phone is not 4g as advertise. Graphics are slow and not very crisp. 	0
The phone is neat and compact but using the screen functions can be tricky especially when texting. Being a clone of an original obviously has its disadvantages as some features of the phone are not working properly. My wife uses two phones and because the KA09 takes 2 sim cards i thaught it be a good idea to get this phone for a christmas present for the wife.	0
"The phone is little more than just a phone.  There is only the most basic of applications and no games.  The thing is, it is a phone that is built to outlast the owner in no uncertain terms. ----     Its basic feature set and user interface is easy to navigate and use.  The audio quality is easily understood and can be turned loud enough to overshadow most large equipment.  Its obscenely long battery life is quite nice as well.  ----     It excels at being a phone under harsh conditions.  No more destroying the phone on a job site or having the rain wipe it out.  Ever.  As of this writing, it is the one and only industrialized phone of this magnitude which is compatible with the North American 3G frequencies.  With the gradual phase out of GSM for UTMS, this is incredibly important for those who are never quite sure where they might end up working. ----     The one disappointment is that its European connectivity is limited to GSM only.  A pentaband radio would have made this THE industrialized world phone."	1
The phone is listed as Unlocked but was not the case. Took to ATT and they told me it was not unlocked.  Paid max price for the phone because it was new and unlocked. Was somewhat disappointed.	0
The phone is like the 5S but better	1
"The phone is like brand new, delivery was very quick well before the stated times quoted.  Overall iam very happy and will deal with this supplier again ,I highly recommend them. Thank you."	1
The phone is light weight and performs very well . The camera works well . The battery life is good .All in all it is a good value.	1
the phone is in very good conditions loved the pictures and the style of the phone I decided to buy this phone because my daughter loves everything that  about this phone	1
The phone is in very good condition except for one thing i received with a bad charger port and will cost $70 to fix at samsung.	0
The phone is in terrible condition.  Front camera not included. 	0
The phone is in great shape and works awesome! Thank you so much! 	1
the phone is in good condition.....  no worries about  the charger i got it. thank you very very much for selling the product	1
"The phone is in good condition I DID manage to get it unlocked and it works smoothly, great storage capacity, if I fit whatever reason need a new line Id come right back to this seller! Great screen great size, home button works perfectly, in very good condition from my perspective!"	1
THE PHONE IS IN EXCELLENT CONDITION. NOT ONE SCRATCH. SELLER RESPONDED TO ALL OF MY QUESTIONS. I WOULD DEFINITELY RECOMMEND BUYING FROM THIS SELLER.	1
"The phone is in excellent condition, I am very happy with this purchase."	1
The phone is in bad condition because it has no signal and can not call me to it and I can not make any calls. and give me some money or another phone that has good stacks....07954729825 JURIJS KOMANS	0
the phone is in bad condiction. C- .   	0
The phone is in (black list) LOCKED ??	0
"The phone is great.. the features work exactly as described, phone is in working condition. the battery life on the Used phone is average, and the Price for the phone is extremely excellent, DONT MISS ON THE GOOD OPPURTUNITY and get the B/B BOLD A.S.A.P if you done have one, it is one of the good smart phones out there....."	1
"The phone is great. Fast, great photos and good features. Its glass all over (the back too) I broke it on day 2 now waiting for replacement parts. Don't use it until your shockproof case arrives. Bluetooth doesn't seem to work but did'nt really had chance to play with it. Oh the dual sim is great too. Does work on the weird frequency of wind mobile canada too.  "	1
"The phone is great.  I had the same one for about 3 years, this one is just like it and works perfectly."	1
"The phone is great, work fast and good screen and camera!  The shepmant was fast.  This seller is great!! Thanks!"	1
The phone is great does everything i want it to do very easy to use up to date with bluetooth mp3 player facebook and many more internet services. Camera on the phone is 110% pictures are great quality and many different settings and shoot modes to select. I decided to buy it not only due to the price was the lowest i have found but its a great phone would recomend it to anyone looking for a simple easy stylish phone to use	1
The phone is great but the customer service phenominal. The folks at digicircle gave us a pristine phone and sent it super fast. 5 stars for the whole experience.	1
The phone is great alternative phone to the expensive Samsung Galaxy Phones.  Does everything you need and more. Love the fingerprint scanner on the back.  Also supports dual SIMs if you need this feature. 	1
The phone is good for the people who aren&apos;t looking for something fancy. It provides all of the necessary functions and is very lightweight as well small in size which is a plus. I Would recommend this phone for the person who is looking for affordability and simplicity.	1
The phone is good but the sim card doesn't go to the phone.  It goes to a LG note 4. So be careful people	0
The phone is good but I still had to take it to the Verizon store and get a new sim card because one that came with it didn't work. Other than that the phone is really nice and good deal.	1
the phone is garbaqge the battery lasts like 30 min the sensativity is bad it drops calls and randomly turns off and has bad reseption	0
The phone is fully charged and shuts off for no reason. It gets really hot even if not being used. Changed the battery for a new one and still had the same problems.	0
The phone is from portugal.i tried to get it hooked up for service serveral times.different phone carriers.i could not get anything done.i bought a sim card in a last ditch effort from freedom pop and i still would not function.i took it to gadget fix and they said it is a locked phone.i bought unlocked so i could use it.this phone is useless and i paid over $46.00	0
"the phone is from Korea,and has a Korean wifi and will not work. I am sending it back."	0
The phone is for use in India. NOT the U.S. ===	0
The phone is fantastic. Nothing wrong with it... whats better than my iPhone 5s thats for sure 	1
The phone is fake don't bid on it if you need proof watch everythingapplepro on YouTube.     	0
"The phone is fairly user friendly. The price was right. Also was able to buy an extended warranty for a reasonable price. Battery life is good. Monthly fee is very reasonable, best of all no contract. Can cancel at any time."	1
"The phone is excellent. The design is simple and elegant, the size is all right. It works fast with the latest Android system."	1
The phone is excellent.	1
The phone is excellent very light and compact I loved it for the couple days I had it before someone stole it from me it was just that Awesome!!:-(	1
The phone is exactly what the buyer advertised ! Couldn't be happier ! 	1
"The phone is easy to use and the quality is great! I have had a couple of these phones that I either lost or &quot;ran over&quot; and I keep going back to the same one. Though I have had other phones,the ease of opertion and the quality of the phone can&apos;t be beat. No, it&apos;s not a smart phone, but I don&apos;t need a smart phone.....just a phone that I can count on! LOVE IT!!!"	1
"the phone is easy to us and a great value for its price, can make call with ease and text friends and family as well. MY Mother is 60 and she loves hers. dont be scared to buy one."	1
The phone is did not work properly. I just didn&apos;t want to waste my time pursuing the seller for my money. I was useless.	0
"The phone is cute but it feels like a lightweight piece of plastic. I get absolutely NO service indoors, anywhere. I dropped the phone from the coffee table onto the carpeted living room floor and the face of the camera came off. Its difficult to remove the flap that covers the charging hole. As a result, i&apos;ve already broken it off. Sometimes the phone locks up and i have to reboot it to use it. The volume isnt all that loud either. i can barely hear."	0
The phone is broken why you sold 	0
The phone is brand new. There is no problem at all. It has longer battery life and big improvement on camera. It is a very good value phone.	1
"the phone is awesome. i love it, the phone is a slider phone it likes cool. its a little on the heavy side, but it nice"	1
"The phone is awesome! I have been a long time apple customer, but I think apples prices on their phones is getting a little crazy. I thought I would miss home button , but pretty much use side button instead. Love face recognition, it just signs u in to everything without having to do anything. Love wireless charging as well. "	1
"The phone is awesome I like it! I can swim with it, I thought it was just roumerz that the xperia was waterproof but now have had a great experience with this phone, the camera is great the features re great I can do almost anything with my xperia z1"	1
The phone is as expected.  Very satisfied. 	1
The phone is almost brand new with no scratches or signs of wear. Functions perfectly. Very happy with the purchase	1
"The phone is advertised to be boost mobile. It's a lie, the network is sprint,"	0
The phone is a wonderful phone. It has lived up to wat i expected it to be. I would continue to purchase any of ur blu phones. I have also purchased more of these phones for family and friends. Me and my wife is loving these blu phones	1
The phone is a wonderful phone and the look and ease of use is nice. Be sure to check price with Metro PCS online as opposed to another retailer. Because It was overpriced I had to return&apos; wait for refund; then purchase at half the price from a Metro Pcs store and got free accessories from the store as well.	0
The phone is a piece of junk. Signal sucks on it. Keeps dropping calls when switches towers.	0
"the phone is a good phone but it didnt come unlocked as advertsed now  have to pay to get it unlocked , defeatng the whole purpose of buyng t unlocked .tred my sim card and it reads wrong sm card. im unhappy."	0
"The phone is a awesome , great condition at a great price . The sell gave great description of the phone . Shipping was Super Fast . I highly Recommend this seller . I will buy from seller again ."	1
The phone inside the box isn't even a Palm Centro its some Samsung phone with the Palm box. FALSE ADVISEMENT!!! 	0
The phone imei is from Sprint(PM) and the system said G710ULM. I cannot update my phone . I'm stuck.	0
"The phone I received will not function properly. Since the moment I got it, it turns off intermittently and I cannot restart it unless I plug it in. It does not matter what the charge level is.  The seller will not deliver what it is I payed for and is offering me a partial refund for battery replacement.   I would just like to have a functioning phone.  Not happy. "	0
The phone I received was defective and the listing stated otherwise. I was sent a replacement phone and it was also defective. The seller would not replace the 2nd defective phone or return my money.	0
the phone i received was a stolen phone. i decided to buy it to save money. i picked the wrong seller.	0
the phone i received was a stolen phone. i decided to buy it to save money. i picked the wrong seller.	0
the phone i received was a stolen phone. i decided to buy it to save money. i picked the wrong seller.	0
The phone I received turned out to be a knock-off. I didn't found this until I took the phone to repair. The phone couldn't open after a single day of use. 	0
"The phone I received has a small crack at the top of the screen, theres dents in the side, and when I took the battery cover off it was full of nasty stuff that had to be wiped out. And it indicated the phone has been water damaged. The phone would probably be wonderful, except I got ripped off because the one I received wasnt worth $90"	0
The phone I received from this seller did not last a full week. It stopped charging after its 6th day of service. The ONLY reason that I have not pursued resolution with this seller and ebay is that I happen to have cell phone insurance that replaced this piece of junk with a working phone. 	0
The phone I received from PDA Giant through Tiger Direct was not a real v3x RAZR. This phone was meant to be sold overseas. It does not have enough bandwidth to work properly in the U.S.	0
"The phone I received doesn&apos;t work, I can&apos;t activate it because it&apos;s registered in someone else&apos;s name, and there is money owed on it. I contacted the seller, and he was very rude to me and basically told me good luck getting my money back or a new phone. This guy is very unprofessional and rude!"	0
The phone I received Alltel accused me of stealing it.  The phone was registered on another customers account and could not be activated.	0
The phone I purchased was not the updated version that was advertised and was stolen via Qwest when I tried to activate the phone. The phone was not the same as in the picture show on E-Bay and was in poor condition. I have purchased other items from E-Bay and been very satisfied and will continue to shop on E-Bay. I cannot let one bad purchase on E-Bay ruin it for all the future purchases that I can buy and get a grat deal on. Thanks.	0
The phone I purchased is defective. It turns off and on whenever it wants to. Only every third call is clear enough to hear each other. from a full charge after a 10-minute conversation it goes down to 30% battery. I contacted the seller and haven't heard back in days. this is the first purchase on eBay that I have ever been dissatisfied with	0
The phone I purchased believe to have a bad battery because my daughter charge phone and when she takes off charger it appears that she never charge at all.	0
THE PHONE I PAYED FOR LOOKED NEW AND IN GOOD CONDITION BUT SADLEY ONCE I PAYED FOR THE ITEM I NEVER RECIVED IT. CONTACTED SELLER 5-6 TIMES OFFERD ME NO REFUND EVEN THOUGH I ASKED 4 TIMES FOR ONE. I PAYED ON THE 10TH OF APRIL AND BY THE 10TH OF MAY STILL NO PHONE WAS SENT. SO I HAD TO PUT A CLAIM THROUGH PAYPAL IM VERY UPSET WITH THIS SELLER AS HE WASTED MY TIME AND LIED TO ME I WILL NOT BE DEALING WITH THIS PERSON IN THE FUTURE. I HAVE HAD REFUND NOW AND IM HAPPY I GOT MY MONEY BACK FROM PAYPAL.	0
The phone I paid for and the one I received are not the same. The phone I received is a cheap quality phone. I tried to contact seller and received no answer. Not someone I will do business with again. Now to contact EBAY about this matter.	0
"The phone I ordered is amazing, it has good battery and has a nice design! Fast shipping, too!"	1
"The phone i got wasn't the one i purchase of these scammers. They sent a totally different phone in the mail. The one i order from them they stated clear that the LCD was perfect, only problem it had a crack top glass which i was was ok with because it was the LCD that i wanted. Instead they send a phone with the top glass not crack and the LCD is burnt out no good. As for you people eBay you guys sucks. You close the case without no investigation in there favor. This is just all unfair and injustice. Ebay does not cater for buyers as far as i can see. They re more about what they profit from a purchase"	0
"The phone I got was sketchy. it cam in some random box while it was branded as new never opened, the screen wasnt flush with the top frame and within an hour the HT from HTC at the back peeled off. It was probably a fake. Otherwise it worked well but overall it's an expensive phone for what you get. go for a Galaxy s4 mini. cheaper, a tad smaller but a lot better. for 350 you could get a used galaxy. I used it for like 2 months and never fell in love with it so I sold it for 250 on Kijiji. Also, if you like to root your phones, this is the worst option, not many roms exist for this phone, i found only 3 and they all were meh. Again, the Galaxy has a tons of options and works better when rooted. Also easier to root than this one. It's not a bad phone but it should never be your first choice. I wouldnt recommend it."	0
The phone I got was not unlocked as the title said.  I ended up buying an unlock code and it still didn't work as described.  The seller only responds to about half of the messages sent.  Not a great buying experience.	0
"the phone i got was not the same as the one pictured on e bay.  I couldn&apos;t get it to work so I took it down to my carrier, they couldn&apos;t either.  I went on vacation so I could not return it within 14 days.  I e mailed Sony and they never returned my e mail."	0
The phone I bought was in excellent condition as detailed by seller. Prompt delivery and a pleasure to do business with. Great prices on this sellers other items. I will definitely recommend my family and friends to do business with this seller. In fact I just told some people at work. Thank you guys for everything. 	1
the phone i bought not working when i put my att sim card in. can not fine the network.........................................	0
the phone i bought didnt work .......i guess you cant count on getting anything good or trusting that ppl are going to mail you a quality product	0
The phone heating while I'm using  When I tried to return it the Saller wanna charge me for shipping the phone and restocking fees  Neven gonna buy from him again  They don't know how to treat the business 	0
The phone have several scratches and keep turning off many times on the first day of use. On the third day it turn off itself and never turn on. I wouldnt not recommend this seller although my refund was processed quickly after I complained-they probably know they are selling an item thats not living to the description.	0
"the phone have lots of  software problem  auto restart, freeze and more"	0
"The phone has the plaque broken, and it costs U$ 200 to change it. Only 1 week and it restarts by itself every time I download anything by WIFI"	0
The phone has the best pictures quality top on the market very fast processing power and bid memory the Apple new IOS support multi processors and multi task and internet connection for enterprise processing like mainframe and supper computer. This is the core technology which US is the inventor and the world leader in this technology. Only Apple IOS offered this technology in mobile products with very nice migration path to higher computing requirements which is the iPad and IPad Pro. Apple is nurture the products with applications from third party developers and major applications deveppers on the Microsoft Windows started to port their software to work on Apple iPhone and Ipad mobile device. The mobile products iPhone and Ipad will be replaced the Microsoft Windows flat form IBM PC with intel prosessor. The founder of Apple was seeding the iPhone and Ipad technology at the root with visions of finite  expansion for enterprise computing applications in the future. All the keys technologies were designed in house to differentiated with the competition and becoming the sole player and leader in the marketplace. 	0
"the phone has some problems, it is sent back to sender, I got a refund  !!  "	0
"The phone has shut down randomly 3 times today alone. Has not once connected to 4g service, and does not even go higher than 2g despite having other phones right next to it accessing 4g. I am unsure if its the phones crappy reception or if the phone just doesnt access 4g like other phones around this price point. If you don't need 4g (I do sadly) its a good phone despite the issues listed. Solidly built, doesnt seem to be weak like other smart phones, and being droid its easy to use. I wouldn't recommend to anyone personally because i can't think of anyone who would be alright with 2g-3g service but hey, doesn't mean they dont exist.  "	0
The phone has problems not mentioned by seller. The speaker on the phone is blown to the point that I can&apos;t use the speaker phone. The charger that seller sent with the phone doesn&apos;t work .It won&apos;t charge it.	0
The phone has not been working properly tried contacting seller with no response	0
the phone has none of the features it was advertised to have it was just a basic phone and was therefore useless	0
The phone has horrible reception. Calls keep dropping and the person on the other ends sounds like a robot. Terrible phone.	0
"The phone has had problems from day one. looked up some of the problems to only notice many flaws in the structure and operations of the phone. The phone is coming apart, works only 30% of the time, took forever to set up because it came in chinese.....I could go on and on. The phone is NOT an authentic Sony phone. Did contact the seller about the flaws and malfunctions and was told I could send it back and wait for refund....huh....it took me a month to get it because it came from china, would take me a month to send it back by regular mail because i was told by the seller that it wouldnt make it through customes if i sent it any other way, wait a month for my money back....not worth it but would never order from this place again. HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE!!!!!"	0
The phone has features that I like and in very nice conditon.I decided to buy this phone for the looks.	1
The phone has charging problem	0
"The phone has a problem with the media sound. It started within 30 days of purchase. Also, the battery that came with it didn't hold a very long charge. They sent me another LG battery, but it's not holding a charge for 5 hours in standby. Very fast 4G+ though In great cosmetic condition. The shipping was faster than advertised and I did not have to pay extra. I did contact the seller after a few days the battery that came with even when not charging became very hot. It was an oem battery. They sent me an lg battery, but it won't keep a charge for 4-5 hours even in standby. My mms messages will not work either. My carrier has worked several times on it but to no avail. They said it's the phone. I even  downloaded new apps from play store and it just will not work. "	0
the phone has a problem and it did not come with the charger but its a mail purches what to expect sorry i was expecting some thing better r maybe not better but in a good working condition	0
The Phone has a lot of worth for 132 bucks when I bought it. It has nougat on it  and is very responsive.	1
The phone has 50 mins calling time and activated at 2016-09-06.  	0
"The phone had on the wrong battery cover, supposed to be gold instead it was black while the rest of the phone was gold."	0
the phone had number and stuff still in it. it would hold charge and the phone keep saying mark and not what the name should be in my phone and when i texts. the phone keep shuting off when i try send or call someone. the phone was in nice shape but there ways alot of thing wrong with it.	0
The phone had no charger and the seller never told me so and he never send m any email about it. Very poor customer service  	0
The phone had already been opened. Used but the seller did not said that it had been repaired. The salesman said that was warranted in the Samsung and it is not true. The seller does not know what sells. The screen stopped working at the 51 day of purchase without having received any hit. The seller sent a charger lg and Samsung copy charger. We contacted Samsung and had no warranty because the phone had been previously openen  I lost my money whit this seller. sold a product that needs to be repaired	0
The phone had all the features I was looking for. Was in excellent condition. Had to return because it would not work with metro. This phone had no sim card which metro now requires.	1
The phone had a age lock on it and every one who could unlock a phone couldnt do it. My grandson who is ten worked and made the money for this phone his self.then couldnt us it he was very hurt not a good value at all more like a scam.	0
"The phone got faulty after 5 month, and turned out, that the 1 year warranty is a lie. They refused the free repair."	0
the phone gets really hot when you talk more than 10 min. The battery sucks. This is not a razr phone!!!	0
The phone Galaxy S4 is not good value and it is not good battery and this coming was broken and it sucks	0
"The phone feels like a very old model, texting is a nightmare, as you have to type each letter separately, pressing each key a few times to get each letter. Even worse, when I was sent either voicemails or text messages while the phone was off, they never arrived when the phone was turned on. I discovered it after switching to a different phone and all of the sudden week old messages came through for the first time."	0
"The phone ended up being stolen. Had to send back. Ebay did no cooperate, and neither did the seller. This was really a horrible experience and you can count on me to NEVER use Ebay again."	0
The phone drops calls constantly in the midst of a conversation which is very frustrating.I thought I was getting a quality product.	0
The phone don't work. The phone keep searching for a signal. Its a piece of crap. Don't buy nothing from this seller. 	0
THE PHONE DONT TURN ON IT DONT MAKE NO NOISE ITS A DEAD PHONE I SENT IT BACK OUT TODAY THE SELLER WILL HAVE IT BACK MONDAY THE 12TH IF YOU MESSAGE ME ILL GIVE U THE TRACKING NUMBER THANKS        TERESA	0
"The phone doesnt work properly. Always freezes, shuts off,  doesnt download picture messages, many, many problems, unhappy with this purchase."	0
The phone doesn't last for long time. The screen is blurry. It doesn't come like it looks.	0
The phone doesnt charge or hold a charge anymore. 	0
"The phone does whatever it wants to do.  I've restarted this over 10 times and it sti does works right. I am changing my complete phone service because of this phone,"	0
"The phone does the job, but it is cheaply made and I don&apos;t expect it to hold up for long under regular use. Compared to the Motorola I had, there is no comparison. Kyocera phones also have terrible battery life, and this one is no exception. The display goes blank after a minute, and you have to turn the phone back on to check for missed calls or messages. I did not expect a lot for the money, but you can get a much better similar style phone for a few extra dollars."	0
The phone does the job if you like to just call or text. Straight talk is the way to go along if the phone is a CDMA phone that uses verizon network.	1
the phone does not work.it does not make or accept calls  the phone does not work.it does not make or accept calls  the phone does not work.it does not make or accept calls	0
The phone does not work. 	0
The phone does not work what's the T-Mobile net worth I am still waiting to hear from the seller or what you going to do about this have the phone sitting in the Box waiting to get shipped back out but no response from the seller	0
"The phone does not work well, the sensors do not work; Iris scanner, accelerometer, gyroscope, barometer, heart rate ... The screen is also damaged since it is green at the top and bottom. I add photos where you see the details. They charged me taxes at a very high cost, the buyer could lose everything from the shipment to return the phone and the round trip tax is paid by the buyer."	0
"the phone does not recognize the sd card, the back cover is bent and detached, the wear is greater than what was specified, the usb cable type c is damaged in short ... I have been cheated!"	0
"The phone does not even have enough memory to take a Picture. It looks nice on the outside but you can even take a single picture with it unless you insert a memory card into it. Overall, I am not really happy about my purchase "	0
"The phone does not come with emojis,  it's super slow and has no storage space!!  I'm really not happy with it,  my son says it's obviously a dinosaur and I'm thinking about sending it back to you guys!! "	0
The phone dies in 2 hours under normal use	0
THE PHONE DIDNT WORK FROM DAY ONE WONT READ SIMS CARD I JUST BOUGHT A GOOD PHONE COST OF 300 DOLLARS ILL KNOW BETTER NEXT TIME	0
The phone didn't last 2 months before it got stuck in boot loop. I thought a refurbished phone would've been repaired of this known issue. Trying to contact seller. 	0
The phone didn&apos;t work when I received it.   Turns on fine and appears to work except you never receive a signal.  Even when right next to a transmission tower. Had to go back to my old phone.	0
The Phone did not work very well for something to go online with. It is very slow. Battery life was bad. You could text ok with it.It worked ok for phone calls. It did have some problems acting crazy sometimes. I would not recommend this phone.	0
the phone did not work i gave my sister has a present and i was so embarass. and the thing is she is not living in the country so i don&apos;t have the phone with me.	0
"The phone did not come with the original housing, the housing looked very cheap but you get what you pay for.  Overall the phone is a good phone, if it comes with original housing, it would of been a great deal."	0
The phone dealer said the phone cannot be activated and the seller is saying oh well about 170 00. So Im still trying to resolve this issue through eBay . 	0
The phone crashed within 2 weeks of activating. It would not advance past the droid emblem that appears when the phone turns on.   Went to Verizon with it and was told it was probably a software issue.	0
"the phone couldn't  be powered on when I get it. after 12 hours charged, it was still couldn't be powered on, and seller ask me to pay return shipping fees, then they refund it. I had to repair it in local phone shop."	0
The phone could not be activated.  Seller did refund the price of the phone and original shipping but I was still out for shipping the phone back.  The phone was supposed to be new in Box.  It was not.  I also had to wait for 2 weeks to receive the phone and almost 2 more weeks for the refund.	0
The phone could not be activated by any carrier because the phone was for display only.	0
The phone comes with pre-installed ghost push malware that starts to install tens of apps automatically the moment you connect it to Internet.  The malware cannot be removed as it installs itself in the phone ROM. Money out the window.	0
The phone case is designed very poorly once you put it on the phone several of the functions of the phone are no longer accessible the plastic is hard and unplayable you can't get to the edge of the phone which is the main reason for the phone's existence anyways very poorly designed and quality of materials is not good either	0
"The phone can not be unlocked, it says it has no contact with on server"	0
"The phone came with water damage (indicated by the little dot that was colored red). I have had this phone before and my last one had this red dot present, but still functioned for a very long time so I decided to give it a try. The phone worked great at first. After a few days it started to shut off on it&apos;s own almost every hour or so. Now it&apos;s off completely and will not turn back on. I&apos;m not sure if i&apos;m able to return it, but I&apos;m going to try. very disappointing."	0
"The phone came with no back, no battery and it looked like there were parts missing. I was expecting to receive working phone with a cracked glass. I will never in life use EBAY  AGAIN."	0
the phone came with a fucking problem that does not read the fucked sim card and that did not publish it in the description to fool one	0
The phone came with a camera fault. The supplier charged me to repair it and sent it back with the same issue and then refused to communicate with me any further. This issue was treated unprofessionally and unfairly.	0
The phone came with 2 batteries. One was swollen and wouldn't fit in the phone. The other could not be charged. 	0
"The phone came Unlocked, no problem to install my simcard. Battery last long and all accessories working perfectly."	1
The phone came out to a big   piece of !!!!!...not good at all.	0
"The phone came intact, in good condition. Went somewhere about two weeks. It was Packed in bubble wrap and mail paper tight package. I recommend to all this seller."	1
The phone came in without microphones soldered to the main PCB. As I could use the other parts the Seller and I came to an agreement to credit me back $30.00 of the purchase price. 	0
The phone came in in less than a week. packaged nicely and loved the new unopened nokia box it came in. There was no damage to the box or the phone. Phone runs nicely lagged a little on its FIRST start up but after going through everything once it ran like a dream. Great phone from a great seller for a great price!!!!! A++++++++	1
The phone came in fine..but as I start to exam it the speaker does not work when some one call you. I going to try to see if a T-Mobile place can fix it or I will be returning it.	0
The phone came in fast. Everything works good and I haven't had a problem with it. I'm very happy with my phone. 	1
the phone came in disrepair and battery charging problem and the program return is bad and slow hope they improve that problem to give a positive comment.  Excuse the inconveniences  regards	0
"The phone came in as described. The seller is very responsive, get back to my inquiries fast. This is a good experience."	1
The phone came exactly as described and shipped fast.  5 star review!	1
"The phone came as described... only better! It seemed like new and on the very, very cheap! No scratches at all (even the screen looked like the peaceful surface of a lake in a quiet, unwindy day of May ;), perfect battery life and the seller was polite and quick to respond as well.  The phone itself is very beautiful with a great screen and sound. Works well, but keep in mind that it is not lightning fast on win 10 as it was designed to run win 8 in wich performes better. The camera is really nice and the photos-video comes out with accurate details, as in almost every Lumia device (especially the ones designed by Nokia). I would buy another one just to have it sitting somewhere in my house."	1
"The phone broke, it will not charge at all. A TOTAL WASTE OF MY MONEY!"	0
The phone broke after it was dropped once outside on cement. The was phone was in a protective case and that didnt help one bit.  The screen wouldnt turn on. The screen had separated itself from the back of the phone.  Even though I was under warranty the seller didnt want to help me. Plus it turned out to be a 5 gig phone and not an 8 gig phone.  I had to sell the phone for parts. This was a horrible purchase!	0
The phone bricked a week after I got it. Lost all my info and downloads.	0
"The phone became very, very hot and the technician told me it due to a origen failure"	0
"The phone arrived quickly. All items were well packaged.   Although RAZR&apos;s are officially &apos;not for sale&apos; anymore, I buy them on Ebay as one of the best/easiest to use phones for our sales force.  Big buttons and easy to read display make it a universal tool for employees with all hand/finger sizes(important, as funny as it sounds) as well as all vision conditions.  The phone is easy to program. Motorola phonetools will allow you to make easy backups of phonesbook, SMS messages, and media files.  Great phone overall. I am still having a hard time finding any voice-only phone that would have the same great combination of features, ease of use, great design, and great price."	1
The phone arrived quickly and it was exactly as it was advertised. happy with the product and the Distributer.	1
The phone arrived quickly and in pristine condition BUT it was advertised as working on the Sprint network and when I took it to the store to get activated I was told it is not compatible with the network. 	0
"The phone arrived on time, as scheduled (07/17/2017), and worked well for a few days. Then, the LCD started to turn bluish on the top left corner (07/22/2017), then it eventually turned the whole display dark and unreadable. Unfortunately, I have moved overseas and have no way of shipping this phone back for any sort of replacement without incurring a huge shipping cost. Needless to say, I will try and get it fixed locally; if not, it's going to be thrown away.  This is probably a factory defect (new-in-box), and should not reflect on the seller.  NOTE I got the LCD fixed for $170. Unfortunately the technician told me that the phone appeared refurbished (it had been opened before), not quite the ""New-In-Box"" that was advertised for the phone. So, this is disappointing."	0
"The phone arrived on time &amp; it is beautiful, but the problems began when we put our Sims card in the phone, it would not connect. We called AT&amp;T and asked what the problem was? We were on the phone over an hr. &amp; they did everything they could &amp; it would not connect. We emailed seller &amp; he sent this info.  (cut &amp; pasted email from Ebay)    &quot;Thanks for your email !  This item  It just support the 2G 1900 band, For US Customers.   Is 850 or 1900 the Band in your district ?  If your band is 850, the mobile phone couldn&apos;t connect with the AT&amp;T.   Hope you can understand.  Best Regards   Lin Feng     We did go back and look at the add &amp; it said the same as the info he sent us, we purchases the 2G Sims card &amp; it still would not connect.  We went on line to Motorola &amp; downloaded the diagnostic software to identify the phone &amp; to see if it was locked it was not locked, it said a Phone Carrier called Partners Communication located in Israel was the carrier. The diagnostic software identified the phone as having a different serial # other than the serial # on the phone. We spent two weeks talking between Motorola &amp; AT&amp;T to try to get this phone to connect. AT&amp;T in our area supports the 1900 band.    We have spent over a hundred &amp; ten dollars in purchasing the phone &amp; a 2G Sims card &amp; freight for 2G card.   We sent a rather not so nice email (we were so frustrated) &amp; said we would leave a bad review since the phone did not work.    He sent this reply: (also cut &amp; pasted from ebay&apos;s email)  Thanks for your email !  Ok, you return the phone back to us , once we received the phone , we will give you a satisfied reply ! Is that Ok?  please send the phone back to us to this address completely &quot;he gave address&quot;    Not once did he offer us a refund, just send phone back &amp; we will give a satisfied reply. With no hope of getting a refund &amp; the cost of mailing a pkg to China is so expensive we just decided to purchase a phone from AT&amp;T. Never buy a phone from China or this seller. (We have no way to recoup our money.)"	0
The phone arrived LOCKED.	0
The phone arrived in great shape and was brand new but the seller forgot to add on the listing that it is a very old phone and does not match up with new sim cards. I am able to use the phone but not save any contact information which is a pain the butt......    I am in the process of shopping around for a new phone that will work with my sim card.	0
"The phone arrived fast and was in excellent condition: no scratches and looking new. The phone was packaged with bubble wrap in a way that would prevent it from being broken in the transport. The battery life if quite long and charging once every 1 or 2 days is more than enough to ensure you don't run out of power. It came with its USB cord and a wall adapter. The only complain I have is that the wall adapter is unusable because the USB plug is not aligned with the hole. But, overall, excellent phone and I recommend this seller. "	1
The phone arrived earlier than I thought and was in great condition and packed to be shipped safely. Great purchase. Thank you. 	1
"The phone arrived dead, missing the micro usb to usb 2.0, and he hadn't taken the service off."	0
The phone arrived 2 days earlier than expected. It was in excellent condition and works great! 	1
"The phone aren't what I thought they would be. Its slow, cuts off when it gets ready, won't hold a charge, moves real slow, and you can't find no cases for this phone"	0
The phone are not doing anything. He do not recognice the programs.I wil send it for return. I had bought a new iPhone from you. Can you please let know wath's goin on with this phone?	0
The phone  more scratched  in the case  	0
The phone  I received is not the same what I see online its really slow 	0
The phone  did not work  at all. I try to contact  the seller  but did not reply. I rip off and I  lost my money.	0
The phone  can't be activated.	0
The phone  cannot be charged and I want to return back. 	0
"The phon was recived at time but the screen stopped working after two weeks and no good solution was find, it may be cheap but doesnt worth the price."	0
"The perfect upgrade for the value, for a teenager.  The best value for me this year."	1
The people I bought it from were the best!	1
the peace of mind model except battery life and running apps could not be closed. great deal for value product. love it.	1
the pda does not work properly  it is uspposed to have gps but that never worked either    i have to keep it because i do not want to upset the feelings of seller	0
The parts I needed in good condition	1
the parcel did not reach me	0
"The Pantech Burst was in very bad conditions, looked like it was trash from the street, the sells person was very rude, i sent it back the sells person never offerd to charge me anything i never got a phone call to see if i wanted a nother one it was very poor salesmenship"	0
"The pakage did never arrive and he canelled the order and didint comunicate with me, I will never buy another produt from this seller. "	0
"The package showed up on time.  The outer packing was fine, but the inside package looks like it has been through a war!  This was sold as a new item, but arrived with a bright orange Walmart sticker on it that says returned.  Defective.   "	0
The package says virgin mobile but inside was a phone that goes with boost service. 	0
The package arrived on time and was in good condition. I hope it works well and serves me for a long time.   	1
The over all look is good . The most impressive thing is the state of the art front push button fingerprint . Love this button for unlocking this will give the prime a premium feel of segment.  Front 8mp camera is quite impressive In low light not like Chinese phones like geoni mi .its camera give clear pictures even in low light.  	1
"THE OS ON THIS DEVICE IS CUSTOM AND NOT ORIGINAL ANDROID, DON'T BUY FROM THIS SELLER. THE PHONE HAS TOO MANY PROBLEMS."	0
The operating software is hard to see and use. It has locked up numerous times. Intend to install a new sims card. Have tried to use my old one. Disappointing results so far. 	0
"The only thing that was wrong, was that the Straight Talk sim they sent with the phone did not work. I had to purchase another sim in order for me to use the phone. "	1
"the only thing i like about it is that it is small and has a camara with great picture quality. But it really got me because i didnt think it would be THAT small when i saw it for the first time. It&apos;s ok. But if you decide to buy a nokia get a longer one that is slim and takes bigger pictures. Thats what i dislike about it. I recoomend it if you need something small and less bulky than regular phones, but please consider getting one with a usb cable because unfortunately i didnt know it had one and mine didnt have one when i bought it. But it&apos;s ok, but not very satisfied because also the myfaves so small because of the screen. To adjust the volume, it is a hassle too. I cant fine where and since there is no button where you can well..that sucks. But overall it isn&apos;t a great phone. So much on buying....."	0
"the only thing i dont like on this phone is that, it was tired only to us cellular and cant be unlocked, its not fare. doesnt make sense, i thought i could use this phone with other network but i didnt knwow it was only for us cellular, thats very bad. im not enjoying this phone because of that, no option to use it on other network. very bad."	0
The only thing good I can say about misty electronics is they had good Communication and I got my money back both times I purchase 2 different phones from them and had the same result both times . Fake phones I guess. Just got a Verizon iPhone plus 6 and had no problem. Just popped in my sims card and no issues. I don't understand how they keep selling fake phones 	0
the only reason I bought this was for wifi calling and it doesn't work. looked all over the phone to  make it happen and nothing	0
The only reason I am not using this phone is because the instructions are in Spanish. I have not tried to find those instructions in English on the internet nor Have I tried to find a Spanish fluent geek child who could help me. Later maybe. 	0
"The only downside for this phone,it was not unblock as they mention,I pay more to unblock it then what I have paid for the phone itself.If I ever known it was not unblock,I have never bought it.The charger never work.I bought a new charger,and the end result,I decided to toss it in the rubbish,even after unblocked,I still recieved no signal for up to 3 days.it cut itself out.I will never buy a phone on ebay again.Never.I have learned my lesson the hard way."	0
"The only benefit this phone has is a good camera and sound quality of calls. Otherwise it changes settings on its own, deletes contacts, always is updating apps without your permission and is constantly crashing apps installed. It requires you to port all your information through Google for data mining. They should be giving it away for how much they are making from your exploited data and info. Little Big Brother in your pocket. I even think it is always recording and sending ads based on what has been verbally discussed within earshot of the device. Just say no to the massive intrusion and go with another trusted manufacturer. Camera and voice quality are not worth the intrusion. "	0
The one that I have is an AT&amp;T go phone. I&apos;ve spoken to representatives from AT&amp;T and my cell phone carrier. We were not able to get service on the phone. It&apos;s a piece of junk and a waste of my time!	0
"The Note 5 is an outstanding phone, worked perfectly out of the box and highly recommend.  Best Samsung phone and great price.  It is very fast.  Also recommend you purchase a UAG case to protect it.  Very happy with purchase and shipping.  It is about as good as it gets.  "	1
"The note 4 was sent exactly as advertised and I could not ask for more, thank you. "	1
"The Nokia 8890 is a great phone.  Unfortunately the used phone I bought did not work on the T-mobile network, as it was advertised."	0
the nokia 7510 from t-mobile is a impressive phone the features are great media web browersing &amp; calling.	1
"The Nokia 3650 imaging phone allows customers to enjoy next generation services such as the capturing and sharing of images and video clips via multimedia messaging (MMS), over-the-air application downloads and the ability to access real-time streaming video and audio content. AT&amp;T Wireless subscribers can also enjoy the wide range of exclusive mMode content delivered to the large color screen of the Nokia 3650 phone.With an integrated VGA-resolution camera, a large 176x208 pixel color display, and the ability to store over 1, 000 standard VGA basic resolution photos with the in-box 16 MB memory card, the Nokia 3650 phone offers users the latest and most powerful wireless features available. The Nokia 3650 phone also incorporates a unique video recorder application for capturing video clips and a RealOne Player for real-time streaming of audio and video content. MMS functionality allows users to send video clips, images, text and sound to another compatible MMS-enabled mMode phone or to an e-mail address.Weighing in at just over 4 and a half ounces, the Nokia 3650 phone has almost 20 MB of user memory including 16 MB on the removable Multimedia Memory Card (MMC) that enables flexible storage for more pictures, games, or other files. With the standard Li-ion battery, the Nokia 3650 phone has a talk time of up to 4 hours and a standby time of up to 8 days. Optional user-changeable Xpress-on covers allow Nokia 3650 phone owners to easily change the look of their phone while Bluetooth technology allows them to use wireless audio and data connectivity."	1
"The nokia 3500 came out about 3 years ago and still to this day i&apos;ve yet to see a phone company come out with a phone with so many of these features at such a low price without singing a contractI love the low cost,the mp3 player the 2 megapixal camera the cool slick look, how long the battery last lets just say I love the whole phone that why this is the second one I bought"	1
The Nokia 3300 is a cheap phone. It has no features. At all. Its made just to call with. Thats it. No extra	0
"The Nokia 3110c is a very easy phone to use for anyone. If you want to add more memory (SDmicro Card) ask a teenager, female with thin fingers as it is very difficult to insert into the tiny metal sleeve, and press downwards to the contact points. The messaging, calling, camera and the few apps it comes with are enough for someone who mainly uses it for occassional use. It also comes with an unusual feature rarely found in other phones..in &apos;view details&apos; of a message, it will display the actual cell tower that sent the message. Sometimes its nice to know where a person is sending you a text from in certain situations lol. Enjoy if you buy one, you wont be dissatisfied."	1
"The Nokia 1680 is really the perfect little candybar phone.  It&apos;s light enough and thick enough to be comfortable to hold up to your ear (unlike other superthin phones that are not).  The full color display is easy to navigate, and the phone is almost 100 percent customizable (which buttons do what, profiles, etc).    There is no side rocker switch to control the volume, but during a call the center toggle keys become an easy to access toggle.    My only problem with it (and with many phones after having owned a Sanyo S1) is that the back cover doesn&apos;t have a lock, meaning the battery can fall out if the phone is dropped.  Most people are used to that happening however with other phones, so I don&apos;t put it as a specific criticism to this phone."	1
"The Nexus 6P is the best stock Google Android phone you can buy right now, and remains one of the best Android devices, period. It is no frills, solid, and attractive. Great value and build quality. "	1
"The next generation BlackBerry operating system (OS) is packed with powerful new features and innovative pre-installed apps. It delivers the smoothest and fastest BlackBerry experience to date. Plus, enjoy voice-activated universal search with Bing Auto Suggest in the BlackBerry Browser to find what you&apos;re looking for hands-free.    Get connected in an instant with the dedicated BBM shortcut key on the BlackBerry Curve 9220 smartphone. One touch launches the BBM app so you can chat in real time or share pictures, videos and files. Plan a night out with a group message, or chat privately one-to-one. BBM is built into your favorite apps like Facebook and Twitter, so you can share your Facebook status update or latest Tweet without ever leaving the app. Find and download more apps by visiting BlackBerry App World storefront. Whenever you download a new app, announce it to your BBM contacts through your BBM profile. Your contacts can even choose to download it themselves."	1
"The new screen can't work properly, its cable is bad. The motherboard had been destroyed, can't be repaired. The IMEI number on the box showed that the phone has been replaced, it means that the seller get a new phone from apple, and this phone can't be here to sale,  So I am very disappointed. It is a very  bad experience."	0
"The new Lenovo MA388 Flip Phone is simply brilliant, long battery life, large screen and lettering, double sim cards and great design. All brilliant, the only flaw is that the instruction booklet and other printed items are solely in Chinese... could be beyond brilliant if also English, like the actual phone. This phone gets full reception where others struggle and has long battery life."	1
"The new Jitterbug flip-phone is very easy to use, and the help-line (for problems in setting it up) works very well.  I strongly recommend it to senior citizens like myself who have had trouble with the complexities and small keypads of flip-phones."	1
"The negative aspects are the Samsung J106M mini prime (all Samsung J1 models prior to late 2018) rear camera does NOT have auto focus. The camera makes pictures and videos of the camera look really poor quality within 4 feet, blurry and extremely large file size equal megabytes as a iPhone 6s photos and videos at any resolution larger than 2.0 MP! Samsung needs to fix this model. For the horrible quality photo and video. Samsung must have auto focus built in all it's next J1 models. The Samsung J106M Mini Prime ability to receive LTE calls and data have also failed after one year of use, so it turned into an LTE for Emergency calls only and 2G, 3G, 4G non LTE only phone.   Other than the camera, it is a medicore quality small phone and works well with all apps including Textnow and Google Voice VOIP apps receiving/sending on every GSM 2G, 3G, 4G and 4G LTE cellular voice and data SIM card.  Battery life meets or exceeds 13 hrs length after full charge as long as you keep screen brightness low, turning location on or off when needed manually (location off never disables 911 location when making an emergency call), disabling unneeded apps, turn off auto update, background data and notifications for apps that are not important to you in the ""Settings"" menu under ""Mobile data"" and ""A"	0
The MyTouch 4G Slide has one of the best cameras I&amp;apos;ve ever seen and the rest of the phone is pretty amazing as well	1
"The Mytouch 4G is a great phone! It has amazing picture quality, fast, easy to use and has excellent features. I would encourage anyone looking for a great Tmobile phone to consider this one. They are expensive since still fairly new but I lucked out and got this one for $320 witch is a steal!!"	1
"THe Motorola W375 is not good, i gave it to my freind and he told me it not working. It doesn&apos;t accept charger, the sreen is blank"	0
"The Motorola Theory was just what I was looking for in a cell phone,the ease of typing text is a breeze and the features that the phone presents are great. I live in LA were the signals are just bad. No matter who you have as a provider or what type of phone that you own, you will have bad reception. However my Motorola fares well in a jungle of IPHONES and SAMSUNGS."	1
"The Motorola hint QA30 is a very easy to use phone. The camera takes very good quality photos. Speaker phone, qwerty key pad work awesome. I would recommend this phone to anyone!"	1
"The Motorola EX430 was presented online as 'unlocked', it is.  However it has carrier bloatware. So, we'll accept that it was our fault in not asking for clarification prior to purchase.  ""Unlocked but Contaminated""  Still for the price as a back up we feel it a good value."	0
The Moto mods are fun to use I have the JBl sound mod and the Hassleblad Mod Camera also the Add on Battery mod I can use the phone for 2 days with theis mod attached. I have bought 3 of these only used 2 of the selling the 3rd as it is brand new will make a great phone for you!	1
"The most terrible and annoying thing about that phone was the removal of the back cover to replace the SIM card. For about two weeks later my fingers were still hurting. This is the reason why I have returned back the phone, and why my ratings for this phone are low. I am a Nokia fan, but this time this phone proved to be a failure for me."	0
The most lovely model from iPhone	1
the most beautiful rugged phone strong simple poewrfull 	1
"The Most basic Phone, but with a flip keyboard, Good for texting, but the one I bought didn&apos;t work, and was in poor condition. So can&apos;t add much to the review.  Wouldn&apos;t pay more than 10 pounds including postage."	0
"The moment of first use (of course after charging it up to 100%), the battery life dramatically dropped. Less than an hour had gone by and it was already 70-75%... it had major heating problems too... was very disappointed.. I was hoping I didnt have to return it.. but this phones battery life and heating up was worse than my original phone!    Can't complain too much cause the return policy wasnt too bad. Thats why I give this a 2 star.  Phone itself 1star. But the fast amd easy refund process bought tht up."	0
The mobile was locked i saind it back and i did not get refund as they promised 35 days to get it and until to communicate 10 more days passed so ebay&apos;s insuranse did not excisted they are gangsters!!!!!	0
The mobile phone did not work properly and was returned to the seller on 11/27	0
"The mobile is in sparkling condition, 100% functional, It was great value for money.  I initially bought this mobile to replace parts of mine (identical). But I ended up going the other way round."	1
the mic is not working	0
The menu and setting is so unusual and awkward and does not cover even the basics. I still can not send a picture and everything is unhandy.	0
"The Meizu M8SE is a quality smartphone. Everything about it is great: sound quality, overall multimedia capabilities, web browser, app store, optional installation of Android, build quality, accessories, battery life, etc. Plus, there&apos;s a great community behind it. Honestly the best smartphone I&apos;ve ever used, and more than worth the price."	1
"The main reason for purchasing this product was because my dad needed a new phone. It was not one of the very latest however it had the necessary and &quot;bonus&quot; features; speakerpone, a mini lcd (that shows who&apos;s calling w/o  picking up the phone) web&amp; smart texting capabilities... I alsolike this phone because of its sleek look and variety of colors."	1
The M860 is still a popular phone and very easy to use. Much easier to access apps than expected. Love it.	1
"The Lumia 1020 is the best camera phone ever made. I dropped my black one and immediately ordered a new one. These are becoming a rare thing, if you loved Nokia you'll understand this was a great last hurrah for them, definitely worth adding to your collection."	1
"The low end Galaxy line has come a long way. The J1 LUNA is a prime example. Lots of features, reasonable memory, hd screen and hq camera with led flash. Not bad at all for the price. I've definitely paid more for less."	1
"The listing for this item included a  BLATANTLY FALSE DESCRIPTION. #1: IMEI is, IN FACT, Network LOCKED for 1 year to a service provider NOT EVEN MENTIONED in description which brings me to #2: Description states the network is TracFone aaand the NETWORK is Straight Talk! #3: Advertises FREE RETURNS however when choosing the return item option, requires me to send item back BEFORE a refund is issued & on my dime to boot!!! I closed return request on THAT basis which 'disqualifies' me for eBay MB Guarantee!!! No REFUND. A PHONE THAT'S USELESS TO ME FOR A YEAR. And a newly found reluctance to continue shopping on Ebay in the future after years of being a 'I'll find it on eBay' shopper who wouldn't even consider Amazon to be an option..pfft! Times they're changing, aye!?? Receive an item that was falsely described in more than one area of item description and EXPECTED/REQUIRED to cover up front return shipping on an item I was misled into purchasing BEFORE I am OWED A REFUND.... I'll be doing my online shopping elsewhere in the future. TF? AliExpress, Amazon, Wish.. etc. MANY others to choose from to name a few "	0
"The LG V20 VS995 will not work on the T-Mobile network, I made a number of changes to the factory settings and the phone would work for a day or two, then the phone would reject the new settings and the phone would stop working.  So retured the phone for a refund, and I purchased a LG V20 VS918 and have not had any problem."	0
"The LG True is a great phone, Very easy to use."	1
"The LG Sunset Android Smartphone arrived timely, looks and works great and is a solid value"	1
The LG Shine was like new and it was at my front door in no time. It has made texting and chicking out items on web so much easier. Great item. The price and the free shipping was great also.	1
The LG Shine has alot of great features on it and they are user friendly. The camera works good and has a flash which takes good pictures.I personally love slider phones because you can look for info at a glance.The only thing with the phone I got is the battery is worn out so I need to order a new one. Otherwise it is a great phone and is good looking.	1
"The LG Quantum is a Windows Phone 7 powered smartphone. It&apos;s main selling point was the fact it was the first WP7 Powered device to sport a full physical QWERTY keyboard, and the keyboard is quite good, sans for the awkward placement of the shift and fn keys.    The screen is bright and legible and the quality of construction is very high, but not to the expectation of some Nokia and HTC lovers. The keys of the keyboard are very wide and nicely spaced and typing is generally quite nice, although WP7 is not quite optimized for landscape use just yet as some apps won&apos;t shift to landscape even if the keyboard is open, and you find yourself turning the device left and right a lot while trying to enter data into some fields.    Battery life is very good for a device of this caliber and performance is spectacular. You can really see this whilst scrolling or using the multi-touch zoom gestures. WP7 is very polished and is as smooth if not more, than iOS.    The price on contract is very reasonable as is the price off contract. If you are looking for a keyboarded WP7 powered device, then this may be the phone you are looking for. You may also want to look at the Dell Venue Pro or the HTC Pro 7 if you are considering other keyboarded WP7 alternatives, but the price point of this phone compared to others simply cannot be beat.    If you are looking for a slim keyboard-less WP7 device, then I highly recommend the HTC HD7s or Samsung Focus.    Windows Phone 7 has a definite future in the smartphone world and the closed eco-system of requirements that Microsoft demands will only make the system stronger. It is much like having iOS, all of the applications will work with every phone due to the minimum requirements and there will be no segregation like with Android, hence the lack of large or graphic intensive games in the Android Market (There is another flaw with that due to storage, but that if for another time).    Developers can easy port applications to the quality of the iOS App Store and every WP7 user can use them. Just like the iPhone, it would just work, only, you could pick a phone from your manufacture of choice and your model to suit your preference instead of only being given &apos;one&apos; option."	1
"The LG Marquee is Boost&apos;s flagship phone. It is suprisingly very light for its size. The screen is clear and bright (almost as nice as my Epic 4G Sprint which is considered the defacto standard for screen quality) With a 32G micro SD card, I stored and can watch any of my high definition TV episodes (I currently have The Walking Dead Seasons 1&amp;2, Sparticus Seasons 1&amp;2, Justified Seasons 1&amp;2 as well as &quot;The River&quot; and several full length movies) The audio quality is decent through the onboard speaker and exceptional through a good pair of headphones or through the aux-in of your home or car audio system. The phone call quality is excellent even working in a deadzone area of I-95 that silences (dropped calls) all my other phones regardless of network. I&apos;ve never experienced a dropped call yet with this phone. All of your Android market (now GOOGLE PLAY) apps are readily available for download. The internet and email apps seem to work better on this phone than my Samsung Epic on the same Boost network. If you are considering an Android phone, by all means get this phone. Its no-contract price around $200 on EBAY is excellent and Boost Mobile is a great carrier.  Unlimited voice, text and internet for $55 per month (which drops to $40 per month with &quot;shrinkage&quot;) is the best deal going. The only snafu I experienced with this phone was related to voicemail. If you are used to a &quot;normal&quot; non-Android phone where it gives you a constant alert for missed calls or if someone left a voicemail, it either isn&apos;t there or doesn&apos;t work. SIMPLE SOLUTION- download free Google Voice app from Google Play and set it up with alerts. Now I get a repeating (every 5 minutes like I set up) alert, when I receive a missed call or someone leaves a voicemail. I absolutely love the voice recognition google search. It&apos;s great just saying into the phone whatever you want to search and it comes up as the top result. The google navigation app works like a charm. Just clearly speak the street address and you instantly have a GPS that guides you right there. I don&apos;t know how I lived without a smartphone all this time- this thing is great."	1
the LG is easy to use it&apos;s a good phone i would recommend anyone to buy it i love this i don&apos;t have no problem with it so if anyone out there need a simple nice phone to use you can buy the LG Optimus F6 MS500 4G Phone	1
"The LG G3 D851 (specifically the T-Mobile variant, but works on other networks, too) is, for the low $100 dollars, still the undefeated buy-your-own cell phone champ for frugal consumers who want a full-featured mobile beast. But why?  VALUE - This was a flagship phone for LG and it's encores G4 & G5 would probably have supplanted it as the best value (mainly because they have the newer T-Mobile LTE Band-4), but they are plagued with ""bootloop"" issues and not recommended. Therefore, the G3 remains one of LG's mobile masterpieces for a C-note.   PROS - Great, vibrant display, sleekly ergonomic (power/volume located rear-center was brilliant), 3GB of RAM!!!, 32 onboard memory, microSD slot, good audio, call clarity/quality & speakerphone.  CONS - No LTE Band-4, mediocre battery life (the price you pay for 3GB of ram and lots of background apps running stably), getting long in the tooth (~3 years old) but the improvements in mobile phones have be much smaller increments over that period of time."	1
"The LG Chocolate TG800 from Rogers who is offered at a very high price as regards the functions. The Chocolate one dissociates majority of the devices by these keys which are tactile on the front of the device.  It has a camera of 1.3 mega pixel, which will enable you to take photographs of a certain quality. It has a screen of 176x220.  It does not have any touch screen which would facilitate navigation in the menu. No connection WIFI is present."	1
The LG 300 phone works great. It is light weight and just right for pocket or purse. The ringer is loud enough to hear even while in your purse. I love the Net10 service. The coverage in my state is vast and there aren&apos;t many areas where my phone is roaming. This is just what I was looking for.	1
The keypad is clear and big enough that you don&apos;t hit 2 keys at one time. It is user friendly and beautiful.  I had one before just like it and so I bought another one as a present to a friend.	1
"the items  is excelent,and the shipping is fast,i think to buy a other item,and the seller is good people"	1
The item works great and got it really fast after purchased	1
The item was shipped in great condition and well packaged. The S9 takes great pictures! I would order from this seller again in the future! 	1
The item was removed from the list and was refunded.	0
The item was priced good for the service it provides 	1
The item was nothing as described. It didn&apos;t even come with a proper charger. Also the battery does not come off so that I can install my SIM card to actually see if it works. Then the seller had the nerve to charge shipping prices two times more than what it cost to send the item. Don&apos;t purchase items from seller unless you clealy get your questions answered regarding the items.	0
"the item was not a described by the seller, it was not dual sim card and was not unlocked"	0
"The item was much better than described...in near perfect shape.  Super phone does it all, fast, well made, and a great buy at just over $100 !!  Very pleased with this phone and this e bay seller--- TopHatPhones!! One of e bay&apos;s best !!"	1
"The item was in my mailbox 2 days before the expected date, it was brand new with the clear wrap over the screen. Trusted seller, thank you."	1
the item was horriable!! the phone had a block on it. it wasn&apos;t suppose to be sold nor to took out the state of memphis. the phone had a insurance claim on it were it was reported damaged plese ebay buyer&apos;s get full details of a item you purchased in the future!!! i tried everything to get the phone working the cellular south reps told me to get a full refund and that the phone was no/good!!!!	0
The item was exactly as described. It was shipped fast and works perfectly! I&apos;m really happy to do business with sellers of this quality. Thank you.	1
The item was exactly as described and shipped very quickly.  I was very pleased with this transaction.	1
"The item say is 100% but is lie, no function completé and not offer good resolution bad seller --->:("	0
"The item never was even shipped out to me, and my refund took 10 days"	0
"The item never got to be because the seller made a mistake in the address and the postman send it back to China, I paid express mail for nothing, never got the item or money back! This people ripped me off! They kept contact with me but never sent my money back and now they are gone, I hope you do not buy anything from them."	0
"the item listed as ""new"" condition front screen is broken obviously not new condition!!!   "	0
"The item itself looks authentic. Until you try it for around 2/3 days. Going to be completely honest: the battery drains really fast, the plastic back cover of the phone started to crack sideways and the G4 logo gets very easily scratched and almost completely disappeared after 3 days which would never happen with the original phone, I am very careful with my device so this shouldn't even happen. The screen is also doubtful, it's supposed to be a Quad HD 1440p screen, although when I load a 2k video on YouTube, the maximum quality it displays it's 1080p which is FULL HD and an inferior quality. I really like a good deal and if it wasn't for this I would be super happy with the purchase as even the seller seems to be kind but didn't really got me a solution for this other than me sending it back to china and having to pay for shipment. I'm sorry but I can't really recommend to anyone to buy this item because to me, as of now it doesn't seem to be an authentic/original device. Apart from this the perfomance seems okay unless you run a heavy game and the seller offered a free tempered glass screen protector which was nice. Edit: the phone also overheats a lot just by playing 5min and can't really run medium to heavy games. As time goes on i get more and more disappointed with it..."	0
The item it was terrible beat instead new item	0
The item is shipped without the mobile box or manuals.  Charger not working and seller is asking me to change the charger on my expense.  The mobile does not have slot to insert the SIM card. 	0
The Item is not working properly.I would rate my self as 1 out of 10.Not at all useful anymore.waste of spending that much amount on this product	0
"The item is not new as described, I found some rust and dirt when opening the back cover, the side buttons are wearied, the back cover is not settled right in the place, it doesn&apos;t fit the whole back of the phone, I&apos;m very disappointed"	0
The item is new and everything is included as described.  The battery took 3 days to reach a stable condition. The included charger does not work properly that was the reason. I would buy from here again but would prefer a fast post option.	1
"the item is defective,,, the seller should have test it perfectly."	0
"The item is a fake one. Simple as that, feel sorry to whoever bought it LMAO"	0
The item I recived from seller will not work ebay will not help because his ad said no returns.I call tring to activate they told me the phone was stolen because it has not been scaned.I have emailed seller still have no phone that workes or a refune.DONT BUY FROM THIS SELLER&gt;sells stolen goods	0
The item I recently purchased from this Ebay store was great! I would recommend this store very much!	1
The item I received was in very good condition it works as described and I would recommend it for anyone.	1
"The item I received was a fake one, not the original."	0
"The item I purchased was described as, I QUOTE: IN EXCELLENT SHAPE, BATTERY WILL BE FULL CHARGED.  I could not hear on this phone except on speaker phone and the battery was bad. I had this phone checked by a Verison Store.    The Seller agreed to refund the purchase price.  He received the retured phone two days after shipment (confirmed by U S POSTAL SERVICE).  After seven days I still have not received by refund.    Be careful with who you purchase form."	0
The item has not yet been received. The Seller seems to be unreliable. He is neither refunding nor shipping.	0
The item has a dents and nicks on the edge and back. I believed that can receive any better.	0
"The item had defect i want to exchange another,thanks"	0
The item didn't come with a charge and it was too small for an elderly person.	0
"The item appears to be as shows on the picture, in good conditions. Thank you. The price is awesome compared to the quality of the item. I would definitely recommend this item to any one"	1
The it is good and the seller is honest	1
the iphone xs was brand new and was perfect it was the gold one.	1
"The iPhone SE Apple's best offering right now.  I took this one to RingPlus.  I had to buy a new SIM for RingPlus, but the phone works well and should work with any Sprint carrier or MNVO.  Front and back screen protectors are a nice accessory."	1
"The iPhone SE 128 gb is inexpensive ( 400, 500, to 1000 for a 7,8, or x is insane ). I dont like the rounded edges the size or the glass back on the iPhone 7,8, and x (10). Why didnt they just call it 9. Oh, its 10?  Those are the reasons not to get anything other then an SE. I went to the local AT&T store to buy an SE 128gb. They told me it dose not exist?"	1
"The iPhone itself was in excellent condition.However,the phone is still activated under someone else&apos;s name.Its clear to me that I may have a stolen product.Very unprofessional from the sellers.Very dissapointed."	0
"The iphone is really good, but the color is not what I like. The seller is so nice. I&apos;m happy with this transaction. I&apos;ll consider this seller the next time."	1
The iPhone is perfect man 	1
"The iphone is in perfect shape, it works great, the shipping was fast, no problems to report!"	1
"The iphone is a old CDMA iphone with no external SIM card option. The item is outdated, no value in 2016. Nothing of these is mentioned in the product details about the item. Just don't buy it. The seller didn't accept the return, neither any response recieved. Looks like the seller wants to sell of outdated item by some means. Just beware to buy this."	0
The iPhone have problems with signal lost 	0
"the iPhone did not work, the batt went dead the 2nd day and would not recharge, apparently the phone was not meant to work in the USA. as phone calls could not be made, this was even after another sims card was installed by AT&T.   ebay did have the money refunded to paypal account.  do not buy this iPhone unless you want one that does not work"	0
The iPhone could not be activated by Sprint - had bad issues.   Returned for a full refund. 	0
The iphone arrived Icloud locked. I try to contact the seller and dindt answer me	0
The iPhone 8 I received was in excellent condition. Like new. Unable to comment on the battery as of now. I have no cell service where I live so the battery tends to drain quicker. All else is good. Received on time.	1
The iPhone 6s is the best iPhone out right now. All the newer iPhones 7 and up  have a $400 repair factor compared to the $100 repair factor of the iPhone 6 line. Love it.	1
"The iPhone 5s was great ,my daughter loved it ."	1
The iPhone 5s is perfect for my needs.  The size is great.  The features are up to date.	1
The iPhone 5c works like a charm.. fast shipping and great price! A+ service	1
"The iPhone 4S may be several years old but it's extremely reliable and mostly importantly, makes phone calls when you need to, and also has room for great apps from the Apple iTunes store.  It has a battery that can be replaced with a simple kit found online.  Newer iPhones cannot be taken apart, so you throw it away when the battery dies."	1
"The iPhone 3G is the second generation of iPhone. It was the successor to the original iPhone, and is succeeded by the iPhone 3GS. Introduced on June 9, 2008 at the WWDC 2008 at the Moscone Center, San Francisco. The 3G was very similar to its predecessor, containing the same 2 MP camera and no support for video recording, and its performance was limited by the same 128 MB eDRAM memory unit.[10] Nevertheless, the 3G featured several improvements over the original. It supported Assisted GPS, 3G data and Tri-band UMTS/HSDPA."	1
the internal memory is very low and can not use good as an app smart phone  batery life realy short when on wi-fi dont recomend this phone to any real smartphone user not worth the data plan money it takes to run the phone	0
The idea of mods for your phone was commercially available with this model. It adds just a new way to see mobile phones as computers. This item is now at a reasonable price and it has very good specs. 	1
"The HTV One V features a 3.7&quot; (480 x 800) touch screen display, and is powered by a 1 GHz processor and 512 MB of RAM, as well as 4 GB of internal storage. It also features a 5 MP Camera with LED Flash capable of 720p HD recording. The HTC One V runs on Android OS 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich as well as the newest HTC Sense v4.0 for full interface customization and social networking integration."	1
"The HTC phones are the best phones around. They have the features, and capabilities that all of the other phones have as well, but HTC has a better interface and menu options within the messaging applications.   However, beware of Verizon ""unlocked"" phones. Because Verizon is primarily a CDMA carrier, these phones will always look for a CDMA tower before a GSM tower to connect for voice operations. You will have to manually add the proper APN settings, and even then voice and data connectivity are not reliable."	0
"The HTC HD7 is amaxing.  Easy to type on, sturdy hardware, and super-reponsive Windows Phone 7 software.  The integration with Zune allows me to play all of my MP3 music from Amazon, Zune, ITunes etc, the XBOX gaming is really nice, and the App Store has more that you could ever want.   Perhaps the best thing here is that the phone does enough on it&apos;s own with GPS, Facebook integration, and Windows Live, that I really don&apos;t need any apps...but they are certainly there if you want them!!  The Speech Recognition is also very good and it automatically allws you to search, call, and navigate based on the automatic location service.   Love this device!"	1
"The HTC 10 is the sensible alternative to the big two's high price flagship phones.  Although this phone doesn't stand out as much as its predecessors, it has learned from some shortcomings the previous One had."	1
The hones works amazing and looks awesome except if you buy the Sprint version and try and use it on Boost Mobile network you will be able to use it but you cannot use the internet or send picture mail. Thats just for anyone out there wondering if you can do that but overall the phone is a great buy!	1
The home button was broken the day I got it 	0
"The home button on this phone has a crack which wasnt disclosed. While trying to set the phone up the home button stopped working and I had to turn the phone off and back on in order for it to work. I wasnt in the market for a broken phone I already have one of those thank you very much. Congrats on you getting to borrow my 120$ for an undetermined amount of time, wish I knew where the interest was coming from. "	0
The hole thing was as I wanted it and am very to happy to write. I am not real good at writing to fulfill this page and let people that things come in very well and are very taken well with.  thanks yours truely.    feath348	1
"The headphone jack is not working. In fact, it is basically destroyed. This information should have been made known and I will be returning this immediately."	0
"The hand set get very warm without using, "	0
the guy who sold me this phone turned out to be some lowlife nigger that sells used garbage.he left pictures of dirty nigger whores and ugly little nigger babys on the phone.i hope they all fucking die.	0
The guy cheated me and didnt tell me the phone isnt paid off. He also isnt trying to trade me for another phone. Took my money now doesnt want to trade or refund. Not a good Christmas present. And also have a broken case that he apparently said hell throw in with the purchase of the phone. No accessories and no box comes with the phone. DO NOT BUY ANY IPHONE OFF OF HIM HE SAID HE MOSTLY HAS IPHONES THAT ARE NOT PAID OFF. SO BE CAREFUL BEFORE ORDERING!!!! 	0
The Grand Prime Is So Great. I Enjoy Using It Everytime. Samsung Did An Awesome Job Creating This Phone. 	1
the GPS signal on this phone sucks	0
the goods.. great size and easy to use.  the bad.. you have to shut down the phone at least once a week to let it reboot	1
"The good:  Small, lightweight  The bad:  Voice command feature does not work when phone is 'closed'.  Therefore unable to make voice command initiated calls when lid is closed.  This makes it inconvenient to place calls when driving.  Tinny sounding speaker.  "	0
"The Good:    The Nokia N93 is equipped with a 3.2-megapixel camera with video-recording capabilities, and it features a cool, swivel design. This Symbian smart phone includes Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, a music player and FM radio, and e-mail capabilities.       The Bad:    The Nokia N93 is clunky and heavy, making it awkward to use as a phone. Call quality was mixed in our tests, and the external display is small.       The Bottom Line:     Though it won&apos;t replace your digital camcorder or camera, the powerful Nokia N93 does a respectable job of integrating quality multimedia capabilities into a cell phone. That said, it&apos;s a bulky handset and is best suited for convergence fanatics and gadget hounds."	0
"The good, the bad and the UGLY!  First off, the good.  Compact size 2-1/4"" x 3-1/2"" and about a quarter of an inch thick. Long battery life, fairly shock-proof, touch screen, rear camera, video camera, a few pre-installed apps.  The phone however feels slippery in hand, so a non-skid case is in order. The price is affordable.  I'm using this phone with Net10 prepaid which comes down to about $15/mo  The BAD:   - Keyboard is on-screen only, best operated with a stylus.   - When scrolling through contacts, the phone will randomly dial numbers, argh.   - Connecting to internet through WiFi is like jumping through the hoops.  On-screen keyboard doesn't make it any easier.   - When receiving calls, it's impossible to put the phone on a speaker. Works with the outgoing calls, though - Annoying reminders to unplug the cord to save energy; this can happen anytime, including in the middle of the night.  LG really thinks that I'll be up & unplugging it.  And the thing doesn't use much energy on standby to begin with.  Tapping the reminder button helps as this will turn the reminder off for the time being, but what's the point??  The UGLY.    - The screen goes pitch dark in the middle of a call, supposedly to save energy.  As a result, I am unable to either enter any numbers or end the call"	0
"The good thing about this seller is that they are willing to work with you and help you in any way that they can.  The seller will respond to your questions in a timely manner.  However this product didn't work for me, but I rather have a product that's not for me than to have a product and a seller that not good.  I think it's just this phone that's not for me for some reason.  Other than that I did enjoy working with the seller."	1
"THE GOOD The inexpensive Kyocera Hydro Elite is a compact, waterproof handset with wireless charging, a decent camera, and expandable memory.  THE BOTTOM LINE Kyocera's Elite will quench Verizon users' thirst for a stylish and reasonably priced water-resistant phone -- just don't expect it to be a powerful speed demon."	1
"The Good :  WINDOWS® PHONE OS 7, 5MP CAMERA WITH FLASH, ZUNE MUSIC PLAYER, MICROSOFT OFFICE MOBILE 2010  Excellent keyboard  Exceptional battery life  Solid weight and construction    The Bad :  Sketchy camera quality"	1
The good - Long battery life and it feels indestructible.    The rest:    Phone has almost no internal storage.  Any apps that can&apos;t be installed to a micro SD card and still work you will have to live without.    The phone is incapable of connecting to the 3G network with wind mobile despite advertising that it connects to the 1700/2100 bands.  If you want to be able to use your data don&apos;t bother.    Even purchasing this as a temporary back up wasn&apos;t really worth it for us - wish we&apos;d spent an extra $80 and got something that would at least support Data.	0
"The Galaxy S9 Plus that I purchased from never-msrp (arrived quickly and as promised would definitely use (and recommend) this seller again!) is the global version in other words the phone that has the Exynos chipset and not the US version that has the Snapdragon chipset. So mine is from the United Arab Emirates. The reason I state this is because the different chipset means that certain apps that you would purchase in the US Google play store will not work as you would expect on this phone versus the US phone.For example, NextRadio will not activate the FM function on the global Samsung, you need a different app. I was able to contact a UAE Samsung Tech rep who helped me solve this (incredibly nice and professional(hint, hint US Samsung)). Aside from this very minor inconvenience it is an excellent phone. Battery last over three days without any low power assist it processes apps like lightning, great camera and grabs hold of the weakest WiFi signal like an all consuming black hole, way better than my iPhone 7. Most importantly I have had absolutely no problems with my T-Mobile service with this phone (I have literally used it from New York all the way down to Florida). Would I buy it again and is it worth it? Hell Yeah!"	1
The Galaxy S5 has too many glitches. Also screen fell off several weeks after purchase. 	0
"The galaxy is an amazing piece of hardware. I&apos;ve been an Apple Fanboy for quite a long time but the change was seamless. I&apos;m also a techy kind of guy, so any device that gives me the freedom to do what I want is always a plus. It&apos;s alittle daunting at first, so many options to play with and configure, but once you get the hang of the OS, anything is possible. Ok time to get back to Super Mario World. *wink*"	1
The funds are there hit refund and of course they are on hold cause I cancelled hello that's what PayPal's been trying contact you.....	0
"The Free iPhone Guide     To get yourself a free iPhone, iPod Touch, or the latest Macbook Air all you have to do is follow the 3 easy steps:     Step 1 : Sign up for a free Gift   Sign up at the link below to get your free gift. We recommend this free gift site because it&apos;s been TRIED and TESTED to work.     http://apple.freebiejeebies.co.uk/45 (copy and paste into address bar)     You can choose other prizes like free iMacs from this site too! Make sure you use a real email address. Use your real details when you sign up so that the company knows where to send your gift! Remember that they have been proven legitimate, so will send you your free gift if you do everything legitimately!     Step 2 : Try an advertiser&apos;s offer   Basically all you need to do in this step is complete one of the offers, this is where the freebie site make their money, if you complete an offer then the freebie site will recieve commission for it. So if you complete Coral which will only cost you £5 to complete, the freebie site gets £25 from Coral. The two best offers are Lovefilm Free DVD rental trial (where you rent any two DVD&apos;s for free!) and Coral (bet £5 on a sport). I would reccommend you do Coral as it credits in an hour and is really simple to do, Lovefilm however can become complicated and takes up to 4 weeks to credit! You can also try one of the other offers, most are gambling offers. Don&apos;t skip this step! You must complete this step to get your free gift!     Step 3 : Refer some friends     This part is a lot easier than it seems, especially now with free gift sites getting so popular. There&apos;s lots of people online who want a free iPhone, Touch or macbook too, so start referring them! You only need to get a few signups before you&apos;ll be finished. You can ask your friends or your online buddies. I already got a free iPhone without even having to ask my friends for help - there&apos;s lots of people online who want a free iPhone like you! One of the easiest ways to get a referral is to do a favour for a friend and ask them to sign up in return. That way, you both can get a free gift!     Basic rules   Don&apos;t break these rules! This is the only reason that you won&apos;t get your free gift, so make sure you follow these rules!     - One account per household - don&apos;t use a public computer to sign up!   - Use real information - this is a proven legitimate site and they will not give out your information.   - Only complete each offer once! You cannot complete the same offer again, even for different freebies.   - Don&apos;t try to cheat the system. This site has been proven legitimate, and they will catch you if you try to cheat. If you do everything legitimately, by following this guide, you will get a free gift!     Thats all, just follow my guide and you will have your free gift in no time."	1
The following 3 or 4th day I had the iPhone and it was explained very good. Fast service and competitive prices definitely check this site out. 	1
The flip open keyboard is awesome.  You have larger keys that are easier to text/type with than any other phone.  I am severely disappointed that Nokia stopped making this phone recently since I love it and am going to purchase a second one while they&apos;re still available just to have when my current one wears out.	1
"The first sim card quit working in the phone so straight talk sent me a new card. That card quit working so i reqested a new phone.  I returned the phone.  It took over a month to receive the replacement phone because the ""warehouse"" forgot to report that they received the phone. Not happy with straight talk customer service. Cant understand them because of the accent. Not a fan of the new operating system either. I wouldn't buy it again or suggest it to a friend. Samsung j7 is a much better phone"	0
The first one I purchased as new. The phone worked for 1 day then would not turn on past the splash screen. I tried charging and changing batteries and doing a master reboot. I exchanged it for another new one.  The second one seemed to be ok. The battery took overnight to charge. I opened the keypad and noticed that only 4 of the keys lit up. I returned that one for a refund.   I had read that this phone had bugs so I didnt buy used.  Seems the newer one has bugs also.	0
The first I bought fine. The last one .	0
The Fire Phone is a great GSM phone and even without the year of prime service it is worth the $150 current average price.  It is a bit heavier than my old AT&T phone but when you consider it's features it is well worth the few oz. increase.	1
The fingerprint sensor of my galaxy s5 got me broken	0
The fhon not workin 100%  not recommend this Ok  thank  jjl. Eyulnvc wrfbbdfbnk trujillanasggbhjjnnhggghhhhhhhhjjjkkkkkjkllllllllllres	0
"The features of the Galaxy S4 are still competitive with the latest $800 phones at less than $100.  Technical specs will of course reveal inferior performance, but we are talking camera specs, processor speed and on board memory.  You can supliment memory with an external chip.  I am running a 200gb SanDisk and it registers 183Gb on the phone even though specs claim it won't recognize chips that are larger than 64Gb.  This is great news for owners of older phones with only 16gb or 32gb on board that want to hold lots of movies"	1
"the fact that its a old school phone and i was able to find it on you auction site. i personaly like the phone, nobody today has it.  the phone was in excellent condition and the price was too hard to pass, good pricing. wish some would do for the newer phones."	1
The expired dates is out and I am still don't get the phone	0
The Excellent seller! The Excellent product! is it quickly put(deliver)ed!	1
"The estimated date was January 13 and to this day has not yet arrived.  Terrible service, not again buy anything from you"	0
"The end button doesn't work, I have to take the battery out to turn it off and the buttons sometimes have to be pushed 2 times to work >:("	0
The eBay and Paypal didnt do anything!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	0
"The ear piece does not work on the phone, the battery does not last and the Mophie case does not work.  ( I wasnt even worried about the case, but you cant even make a call on the phone because you cant hear) I was told to return the phone to ""Boost"" by the seller. Not even sure what this means or how to do this and never got a response about it."	0
"The E72 doesnt look all that different to its predecessor and thankfully at just 10mm thick its still impressive svelte. However, this time around Nokia has upped the style quota by adding some sexy chrome trim around the edge of the handset and kitting it out with a metal battery cover with etched vertical lines that not only make the phone easy to grip, but also add an upmarket feel. It also feels very solid and gives you the confidence that itll stand up to the knocks and scrapes of life on the road. In all...the E72 is a worthy successor to the original."	1
The dude sold me what was supposed to be a new phone but found out I can not even use the phone because it already has a open account and the seller refuse to have the phone disconnected so I can actually use the phone so 150 down the drain so beware	0
"The dtek 60 is an attractive, fast, buttery smooth Marshmallow powered handset. Screen is bright. Contrast is awesome. Dual front facing speakers are loud and clear. BlackBerry security software and enhancements are simple to customize. Main and selfie cameras are very good. Camera software is designed well and easy to use. Highly recommended. "	1
The drone works great but the camera never worked. I contacted the seller who said he never used it which I believe but I can't resolve the problem with the manufacturer. It was probably a manufacturing defect but I can't return it because I didn't purchase it from the company.	0
"The Droid 4 is, in my opinion, the best Droid that they have nade so far, It's easy to use, everything is almost self-explanatory, has a great camera, and the slide-out keybuard really comes in handy. I am still trying to get my mom to try one for her 1st smart phone!"	1
The door back is not closed	0
"The don't shipped my item and no answer to my email, he just keep the money "	0
"The displays are excellent,  screen size is perfect. For an inexpensive android phone this is a must consider. I have had ZERO issues and really like this phone. "	1
"the display picture of the cellphone looks good,but after receiving the item it was in bad condition.And the fact that there was no wall charger included with the phone,is disappointing."	0
"The display on this phone only lasted about a week.     The reception is OK, not great. Battery life is just average.    Really not a very well made phone."	0
The device you sent me is not working properly. I informed you in the past and did not answer me. It's really a theft to sell a broken device! I ask for my money back. I will post your service in a special post to prevent additional nesters from losing their money.	0
The device was shipped quickly and the product is in perfect condition. It was received quickly. 	1
The device was exactly as specified and for a great price!  I did all of the inspections and it passed every one in flying colors.  Thank You so much 	1
The device is not  unlocked . 	0
The device is just as described in mint condition. Only issue is it was rooted but i unrooted it. But other than that awesome. I would definitely do business again with the seller again 	1
"the device is in perfect condition, very fast shipping, they really made my first buy a great experience. i hope all sellers can be more them."	1
The device is easy to handle due to its size. It is used for business so there is no accidental dialing due it folding. Polarized glasses prevent you from seeing the display.	1
The device arrived super quick and the devices runs like its brand new 	1
The desription is a match and the price awesoe!! Thank you for the good buy; this is the best price Id seenon this cute pink phone.	1
The descriptions said is totally unlocked and is not unlocked also this phone doesnt work 	0
The description was wrong the phone had bad the fingerprint sensor	0
The description stated no cracks and there are 2 cracks on the screen. I am very dissatisfied with the product.	0
"The description says it's an unlocked GSM At&t phone. However, the item I was sent was locked to the Bell network, which happens to be CDMA (harder to unlock). There was also a screen password, which I was able to get rid of by typing it wrong ten times and resetting the phone to factory settings. I talked to somebody at grabwireless who was very nice and said they'd send me another phone, but I have to wait another three to five days to get it in the mail. Other than that the phone seems fine; just expect there may be some delay before you can get a working phone.  Update: I just got my new phone in the mail and it's locked to Verizon. This is quite disappointing, since I am going out of state tomorrow and would like to have a working phone while I am traveling. Honestly, the amount of time I have spent troubleshooting these phones and trying to unlock them is not worth the cheap price. "	0
The description said that the phone was in excellent condition. The phone works fine the the phone was in bad shape!!	0
The description said that the phone came with major signs of scuffs and wear but there is non to be found. The found is in absolute great condition. It was soooooo worth it.	1
"The description said it was unlocked, but it won't work on Verizion. It would be wise to put that fact in the item description."	0
"The description said ""cracked"" screen. After receiving it we discovered that the screen was shattered. We are entirely disappointed."	0
The description reads BRAND NEW Motorola Moto G4 Play US Cellular Smartphone Black. Condition is Used.   Over?	0
"The description of the phone was: Good condition with light cosmetic wear. Id hardly consider the phone I received as having light cosmetic wear. The screen was scratch so badly it makes using the device difficult. Also, the phone randomly shuts off for no apparent reason. Needless to say, Im not pleased with my purchase."	0
"the description is not true. when the sale was not indicated that the phone iCloud blocked. I wrote about this to the seller after giving me the imei number, he refuses to cancel the deal."	0
The description is 4G of RAM but has only 1.5G of RAM.	0
"The description did not go with the phone at all. I received a phone with a cracked back cover, not to mention a white dot while browsing and flickering screen. "	0
The delivery was very quick just in time for Christmas but hen when the phone was opened it turned out t be a T-Moble phone and not an AT&amp;T. I have sent them four emails and get no response from them as far as I can tell it seems to be nothing more then a scam!!!!!	0
"The delivery was quick! The phone looks brand new, I'm very happy with the software, and the price is unbeatable. Thank you! "	1
The delivery was lightning fast and product was as described 	1
the delivery date is a lie	0
"The delivery come earlier which I really liked and appreciated, Note 9 it came sealed with everything in,... thanks to the seller and everything...   One picture I took with it and a drawing.  I came from galaxy s Family now I think I will stick notes Family lol"	1
The day I received the phone the power button was loose !!!!!	0
The cracks are terrible and didn't show in the the seller's first post of the product before I bought it. 	0
The cover of the screen I sent it wrong is for iphone 6 not for 6 plus	0
"The Cosmos has stood up to the tortures inflicted by a teenage son. A friend who does construction for a living, has had his for about four years without any issues"	1
The companies will not activate the phone because they didn&apos;t have the chip to activate it is needs an old chip so now I have a phone that I can&apos;t use it a paper weight	0
"The communications was great, Joey answered all my questions and shipped it to me in record time!  I am SO STOCKED with the condition of this iPhone.  Joey was very modest in his valuation of this product.  It is like brand new, and everything checked out as far as functionality.  I am so pleased with this purchase.  Joey is TOPS in my book!!!  THANK YOU SO MUCH!"	1
"The color is cute, and the design is cool! This camera quality is Sharp, and the display is almost like holding a diamond. this is just great and I'm loving it. Unlike the Sprint or Boostmobile ones, Japan's one is way more better! Definitely worth buying it!"	1
"The code was not valid so I received a refund after waiting 2 or 3 weeks for the information. The seller should be required to verify the product is valid before posting; if not, there should be a penalty/"	0
"The charger worked for only two days. Please send me a new if you want the rating to change. I am tired of buying expensive items with no cost effective value on e-bay. This place is looking more and more as ALIBABA TAVERN, where the smart guy sit down behind his computer and sell the content of his basement and his attic to the common ignorant."	0
The charger was broken.	0
"The change is from a Xperia Z3 Compact, the difference is remarkable and everything is better, the only bad point is the non-water resistance"	1
"THE CELLULAR PANTECH C300 YOU SENT ME IS LOCKED.I PAY $ 35 FOR UNLOCKED.I PAY $ 38 FOR THIS CELL. IS $ 35+38= 73 DOLLARS.AND NEW THIS CELL THE PRICE IS $ 70 TOTAL,IS NOT GOOD IN THE FUTURE FOR PURCHASE WITH YOURS.THANKS."	0
"the cellphone was ok, but it comes without earphones. after that the company send me a bad item, the earphone plug is no compatible with cellphone. very disappointed..."	0
the cellphone status its ok. But when i open the box it came without headphones and cable... only came the cellphone and the charger.... kind of dissapointing.....	0
"The cellphone is regular, the signal is very low, camera is good, the battery is regular, software is stable."	0
the cellphone in itself is good that the reason I was trying to buy it but this sell is a thief he stole my money even after  I sent the piece of shit he sent me back to him.	0
"The cellphone does not work with the SIM card and I write a messenger to the seller ,but it does not answer me. I dont recommend  this item at all."	0
"the cell was a gift for my wife and the truth is delighted with the phone, and more with the camera having 5 mps. thanks"	1
"The cell phones I bought from this seller are blocked, plus the batteries and the chargers don't function properly either. I found this incredible that these people (sellers) are talking advantage by selling us useless items and charging us as if the money came to our hands without any effort. Please have more respect for the consumers."	0
"The cell phones I bought from this seller are blocked, plus the batteries and the chargers don't function properly either. I found this incredible that these people (sellers) are talking advantage by selling us (customers) useless items and charging us as if the money came to our hands without any effort. In addition to that, the seller stated that these phones were compatible with Metro PCS, AT&T and T- Mobile. That's completely false. Please, have more respect for the costumers. Im very disappointed with this purchase. Thank you. "	0
"The cell phone was in it's original packaging. It was totally dead. It could not be charged, and the expiration date was 10.24. 2011. The cost of shipping it was was $24.50 without tracking or coverage if lost. Total for everything would be $94.50. I want to just junk it and get my purchase money refunded. Or, if the seller will send me two active batteries, I will pay the price of the cell phone. Thank you very much.."	0
the cell phone it self is good if you buy it from a cell phone provider... this here is a hacked phone they send it to you then your sim card dont work on it... turns out the phone is hacked or what they call unlocked.... then they dont want to change it or return the money.....	0
The cell phone is not as good as i expected. It&apos;s too slaw and primitive. It hangs up all the time and has a very bad battery. Plus it doesn&apos;t worth the mush of money that i paid.	0
the cell phone is new and it came to me with a problem I try to communicate with the seller and it does not appear the cell phone screen flashes and that is a problem	0
"the cell phone has problems with the speaker and with the microphone, part lacked the sim tray.  I write to him and he does not answer the messages"	0
The cell phone didn&apos;t work but the seller retuned my money fast and without any problem. Seller is honest and responsible.	1
The cell phone did not arrive in such a good condition and the data transfer slot and the camera do not work 	0
"The cell phone camera does not focus. It is damaged, possibly because of a blow that brought the article since it was taken from the packaging in the photos do not show the damage that the item has, the seller refers to small ""scratches"" however does not show the details of the same in the Photos. The damage to the camera is irreversible, I'll have to pay in an external repair shop for cell phones to fix the cell phone camera."	0
The cell not work and the seller not sending the refund at this moment. I send the cell on september 20.	0
The case of the phone appeared like a new one: no scratches or scuffs. Couldn't be more pleased about that. Transferred all apps and data seamlessly from old iPhone 5 to this phone. Everything seems to work as expected. I'm amazed and pleased at the screen size of the 7+ compared to the 5. That makes it easier for these old eyes and pudgy fingers to navigate. I haven't had any need to contact the seller so can't speak to support. Overall very pleased. Highly recommended.	1
"The case doesn't fit tightly on the phone, very bad experience with this purchase!"	0
"The case came in way quicker and then they said it was expected to be shipped. They estimated it about a week and it actually came in in about two days. The case is great looks pretty sturdy, and it looks pretty cool on my phone. Overall great experience with these guys"	1
The card worked fine its the activation  number that dont work.	0
The camera is cracked internally. Just went to take a picture when I noticed it. Apparently wasnt checked during refurbishment.	0
The camera has a purple tint and seller did not wright it on the description. Will not buy from this seller again	0
"the camera does not work well, vibrates when it starts, it is a factory error."	0
The camera does not take hd photos & when you take the video it don't catch the sound that good	0
The buyer says it unlocked but its locked I personally called Verizon and when u return the phone the buyer says its unlocked and charges 30 dollars restocking fee this is a scam 	0
The buyer described &quot;Like New&quot; It was a pile of junk. Stuff was broke the screen all scratched up! The part where the memory card goes in for the camera was glued on! Buyer didn&apos;t want to refund my money so i had to dispute it and now she wrote something bad on my positive feedback	0
the buttons to small and especially hard to read numbers.the numbers on the screen have - thru them when they should not when dialing.when dialing a phone number it dials automatically before your done entering the numbers. not a great phone for the USA but can not tell you about out of country features.called up verizon with questions about the phone and they have very little info about the phone believe it or not.	0
"The box has the right model on it, but the phone is a different model it a lgl82vl with only 8fb. I need the phone sent to me that was advertised with 16gb"	0
The box has better fuctionality than the phone does. I bought it for 80.00 and it was the worst 80.00 I ever spent. Now I cannot even sell it.	0
The box has better fuctionality than the phone does. I bought it for 80.00 and it was the worst 80.00 I ever spent. Now I cannot even sell it.	0
The body of the phone was in good condition. The service of the phone was in poor standards.The phone did not work.	0
"The bluetooth connection is lost on every call over 3 minutes, unlike all my other devices on that connection.   The keypad is frequently unresponsive to the touch."	0
The Blackberry was to be &quot;new in box&quot; and ready for ATT use. Instead it was a remanufactured and from China and does not work on ATT. Watch out for products coming fro other countries as the are hard to send back.	0
The Blackberry Classic is everything I needed in a smartphone with no camera. I highly recommend this smartphone that also has 4GLTE to all those looking for a smartphone without camera. It's AWESOME!!! I believe you will Enjoy the feature that this smartphone contains. The Blackberry Classic Q20 is the smartphone for You! 	1
The bigest mistake was to buy this phone without research about it. It dies in the middle of the conversation. The &apos;End&apos; button does not work. I cannot wait to get rid of it...	0
"The bidding and transaction through Ebay was very smooth; however, this particular phone&apos;s home calling area was in Ohio and could not be changed.  Alltel was unable to upload the current PRL(preferred Roaming List) for my area and would not flash the phone because it was too old and they quit supporting it. So in using the phone Alltel would not wave any roaming charges that occurred. Oh well."	0
"The best word to describe the Motorola RAZR V3x is AMAZING. It has got to be the best phone I have ever owned. I can honestly say that I love this phone more than my T-Mobile Sidekicks. The first reason being that you can create your own ringtones (with software and data cord). At $1.99 or more for a real MP3 ringtone, it has saved me money that I could be using on other things. In addition to that, the speakerphone function is amazing. It is loud and clear. With other phones, the speakerphone function might as well not exist because they have all been so muffled and crappy that whoever you speak with always asks you to repeat yourself. In addition, this phone has a 2.0 MEGAPIXEL camera. With appropriate lighting, it is almost as good as a digital camera!  It also has an internal camera. Although the internal camera is supposed to be used for cellular video calling, which the US has not adopted yet, its purpose is not completely useless. You can now take a picture of yourself without having to flip the camera over multiple times to make sure the picture came out OK. There are not enough words to describe how happy I am with this phone. The screen resolution is great, the features are great, it LOOKS great. Everything about this phone is great. I&apos;m not into smartphones or anything beyond a &quot;cell phone&quot; and this is phone is my favorite thus far."	1
"The best Windows Mobile on the market today! I can not desire anything more from a phone. Processor, memory, finger mouse - all these makes a pleasure to work with it."	1
"The best value (Summer 2017) for the money in the iPhone family is a 5S. Tell me if you can find a better gold, mint/new condition phone for $125. Now we just need to teach grandma how to use all the cool features!"	1
The best phone you can buy for the money. Very long life battery. Very happy with this phone.	1
The best phone that I have ever had and at a bargain price.  The sound is great and the images are very clear.  Takes beautiful pictures.  The phone is not too large but big enough to see the pictures and words on the screen clearly.  	1
"The best phone i know!! design, features, icons, applications...all!!!   AWESOME...it looks more pretty live than on the internet..    All i can say is AWESOME..."	1
The best phone i Have ever owned.Tello Service is excellent   $14 month unlimited calls txt 1 gig data	1
the best phone ever made very sturdy will take a heck of a beating and still work and picks up everwhere greatest phone	1
the best deal on Ebay	1
the best deal and price i love this iphone 4 becouse its clean it looks new and it works realy well  i think everyone should get one but i know you dont have enough for everyone but realt love it hope you sell more and get grate revewes.	1
"The best cell phone ever used. Design is just amazing , super fast"	1
The battery wouldn't hold a charge for more than a few hours it kept shutting down between 40% and 60 % life left .sending it back I loved my first one but this one is a big bust	0
The battery worked great! Love the price value!	1
"The battery took several weeks of exercise charging to get up to standard but now seems to work well. I am old school and need a phone that secures in a leather case on my belt while horseback or a foot. So, this phone was bought to replace a like phone that got wet while crossing a river that I didn't think would go up over my waist ... oops. This is a great phone for men who need a phone to use for what a phone was intended to be used for. Great value for 20 dollars.  Karl Brauneis Lander, Wyoming  Feel free to edit."	1
The battery takes 6 hrs to recharge. They need to go to a c fitting. Also if your watching videos on you tube the battery depletes while the charging cable is connected. Also it tends to overheat the battery and you need to pour water on the phone to keep it from shutting down.	0
"The battery on this phone last a really long time. It also is pretty durable. My husband uses it for work because he can&apos;t have a camara phone. He has had it a year ans a half and it is still working good. He drops it all the time and has scratched it up pretty bad, but it still keeps working perfect. It picks up reception fairly well, too."	1
The battery maximum capacity was 77% so it has to be replaced	0
the battery life is very good	1
The battery life does not last long. The charger does not work properly. Contacted seller and they still have not provided any replacement parts. 	0
"The battery lasts a very long time, the controls are easy to operate, and I am very happy overall. The only small issue I have is that the camera seems to have a slow shutter speed, so photos can be blurry. "	1
The battery is not even working!! I have to keep it plugged in if I want to use it! Not worth anything!	0
The battery is no good	0
"The battery is in great shape which was surprising due to when I received the phone I inserted the charger to find the charging port was very worn out causing the charging cord to slip off. Eventually upon a full charge I initiated app down loads to find out after, the apps would shut down on their own, I am sure the motherboard has been damaged. Had the phone not have these two issues it would have been a good phone in working condition. Had the issues been listed properly I would not have paid the listed amount or would not have purchased this item. $15-25 would have been better for parts. I don't believe in returning products because of the waste of time thru mail. I will use this phone for parts. Advice; Know your product as well as you can and get it right the first time."	0
The battery is dead.  	0
The battery is 100% bad. 	0
"The battery in this cell phone is not new as it says, quickly discharged without any further conversation via mobile phone.Please send me a new battery"	0
The battery doesn't hold a consistent charge. Very erratic! 	0
The battery does not stay for long. The screen becomes non responsive for a while and the user satisfaction is poor	0
"The battery does not charge very well, the charge does not last more than 4 hours, the digital reader has a lot of difficulty reading"	0
"The battery dies incredibly fast.  The phone is in good physical shape, but it really doesn't matter when it shuts itself down at 34%.  I bought this to surprise my son, but feel so bad because I obviously gave him a defective gift.  "	0
the battery did not last at all waste of money	0
The battery  does not last long but the pad battery makes up for that	1
"The batter life is not long at all and the charger does not work. Although the seller offered to provide a new one I have already transferred my information over. I am disappointed that it does not seem to be operating well on tmobile, since I had them check it the settings were not correct. Often I will open the phone and it appears to be completing an action via Google...asking if I want to complete using google. The appears to be new and in good cosmetic condition I am simply not happy with it's operation.."	0
The baterydoesnt even last an hour. Realy bad battery 	0
"the bad part is phone looks nothing like pitcured, Worst i have to wait damn 3 weeks to recieved a refund. Ugly ebay isnt helping me getting my refund im beyond piss and feel cheated. justs stay with amazon!"	0
The bacterium does not take charge	0
the back would not come off .finally got it off and would not go back on  piece of junk	0
The back of the phone on the two way key button was damaged when I got it. The battery doesn't last past a 30 minute phone call. Texting is more difficult than I thought with the small keyboard.	0
"The back of the phone has a crack and most importantly the main camera is dead, it takes blurry images and videos"	0
The back camera is cracking there no notification	0
"The ASUS zenfone 5. I think it&apos;s nice phone, the phone is very ergonomic, the quality is ten from ten. In my opinion, only capacity of battery is not enough. It works only two days. Everyone who are around me, likes it."	1
"The apps on this phone take up most of the memory.  I have to delete something in order to put another app on it.  I have one game on it because the phone does not have enough space to put anymore.  It does have an external Micro-SD card but most of the apps on the phone won't let you move them.  The cell signal is worse than the phone I had, that this one replaced."	0
"The Apple name might look and sound good, but the glass is not scratch proof and the crystal claim of scratch resistance is also a BIG (in fact HUGE) stretch.  The glass scratches, the rear glass is near $500 and is an overpriced item-if you break anything BIG issues.  Camera and video are nice, that is about it.  I will go with an Android next time, no apple home lockouts if you break a part and this phone does not even have a memory upgrade slot.  Store service was VERY VERY poor so I went online and got it off of Ebay, much easier to do.  the store people acted as if they were doing a huge favor to wait on you-it is the Apple attitude.  "	0
"The Apple iPhone 5c is solid.  Even late in its life, its a bulletproof phone, more reliable than equivalent phones (though those are cheaper).  The 5c is perfect for a kids first phone."	1
"The appearance and the camera is good. But the radio doesnot receive any radio signal. Some of the features listed in the phone are just a list and do not perform what they are supposed to do.    The phone also do not communicate with my computer, which is equiped with the latest program.     I use this phone just to call and receive calls.    I doubt if this phone the original Lg."	0
The adhesive will not hold 	0
"THE ADD SAID , WORKING 10/10 ...AND IT IS NOT..PEN DOES NOT WORK AND THE POWER BUTTON ITS HARD."	0
"THE ADD SAID , WORKING 10/10 ,AND IT IS NOT. PEN DOES NOT WORK."	0
"The add makes the phone look bigger,WRONG!!!!!!!! I am 72 I need a bigger phone with much larger  keys for texting.I  can barely see them even with my glasses on. I am sure this would be a great phone for some one else but not for me. I am shipping it back right away and will look for the right phone for me.    thank you Dawn, florida                                                                                                                                     "	0
The ad stated there was damage to the screen and to check the photos. Photos showed a scratch close up and a chip on the screen protector. The lcd is heavily damaged and needs replacing. Nothing in the ad stated this. 	0
"The ad says the phone has WIFI...which I never found. Phone doesnt have Android, so maybe it does has wifi, but since I am not tech savvy and after trying to figure it out how to, I just gave it to my teen daughter that immediately said she doesn&apos;t want it....so the desting was the garbage can. Do not buy this cell if you want to have WIFI...It doesn&apos;t."	0
"The ad says fast shipment but have not received as promised. Also, according to USPS, ITEM STILL NOT PICKED UP. "	0
"The ad said that it could be used with any provider, any where. But if that's true I would be able to use it with my provider.  I have never had any problems before,  I am not in a contract! !! I also noticed that the phone I purchased had been returned previous and I think it was for the same reason.  I  didn't get a manual or product information"	0
The ad for the phone said it was a Walmart family mobile phone. Which was great because that's the plan I currently have. I got the phone today it is for simple mobile phone and can only be used through simple mobile services I felt like I was frauded. 	0
The ad clearly stated 14 day delivery time. It took 20 days for this phone to arrive. Every time I checked shipping it was very vague. Whenever I contacted seller it was always a different person. They told me it would arrive by the 26th which was a Sunday. It did not arrive for four days after.	0
"The ad banner states "" New LG G3 D850 Black GSM Unlocked Android 4G LTE 32GB 13MP Smartphone USA."" What it should say is ""Unlocked AT&T Phone."" This is an AT&T phone with apps that cannot be deleted. There are annoying pop-ups that have to be swiped away before you use the area you want. It does state AT&T apps in the description, however, it does not mention that they permanent. I took it to an AT&T store and they said that's the way it is. I also had to take it to my carrier who had to do a lot of changes just to get it to work. The only reason I did not give it a one star is that I wanted to upgrade from a 8GB to a 32GB in which it has. So, if you have AT&T service, good for you. However, if you don't, I would not get this phone."	0
"The actual cell phone is fine, except that when I went to register it at Jitterbug, they would not register it because they said it is obsolete and that model is not used any longer. Therefore,.... all I bought a piece of useless junk!"	0
The A30 from MetroPCS is an excellent phone but the pictured one is not it is a Tracfone and no good.	0
"The 9330 blackberry works great.I was using a 8330 Curve, and wanted a blackberry that was newer with more options. The 9330 Curve has wi-fi, and has been easy to learn how to use."	1
The 9005 wouldn't work on my US carrier.  It wouldn't have worked at 4G on any US carrier. 	0
The 30$ phone connection to charge doesn't connect and doesn't work. When I emailed I get a threat that he will open a case on me for false return so I keep the phone and took the loss and will buy from someone else           	0
"The 1.5GB is the Canadian version, as opposed to the 2GB &amp;amp; 4GB versions.  The sad thing about this phone is the price that is being charged for it.  With a GSM phone for the US customer you have two choices: ATT or t-Mobile.    AT&amp;amp;T does not like this phone.  It ran for about a half an hour and then AT&amp;amp;T kicked it off of their network after I sent my first text message. Oficially, this phone is not supported by AT&amp;T.    It seems to be fairing better with T-Mobile.  I wish their reception was better around here.    I saw someone write that this phone ignores SMS configuration messages issued by the network.  You will have to manually do the APN configuration.    Before buying this phone, one should go to the HTC user forums and observe the number of issues with this phone that go unanswered.    Common hardware complaints:  battery life, weak hinges.  I personally like the flip-out keyboard as opposed to the slide out keyboard.  I could be singing a different tune the first time I drop this phone.    Box was printed in english, quick start guide was chinese only.  There seems to be a lot of factory refurbished phones available for this particular model number.  Mine came with no SD card."	0
"The &quot;next level&quot; replacement in LG&apos;s &quot;clamshell&quot; phone line, after this VX-6100,  unfortunately did not include the nice, loud,   &quot;HalleluYah!&quot; ringtone, which is standard on the VX-6100.  They are tough handsets, have a good camera, nice alarm feature.  I have purchased several used VX-6100&apos;s and I will use them as long  as I can.  Give me a loud HalleluYah! ringtone! Yay!"	1
"The ""plus"" is for the extended screen, taking it from 5.1"" to 5.7"".  Such a slick design, the screen is curved which makes it appear like it's popping out at you.    Download the app ""Next 3d launcher"" and prepare to be super impressed.  Very impressed. "	1
"The ""chicklet"" keyboard is too small on this model of BB curve"	0
the  seller  did  not  clear  this  phone  that  bount  on  ebay  and  i  emailed him  3  times  and  he  did  not  get  back.	0
the  seller  did  not  clear  this  phone  that  bount  on  ebay  and  i  emailed him  3  times  and  he  did  not  get  back.	0
"The  phone i got works just fine  , battery is good ,, calls are good "	1
The  charging port was damaged and it was of Chinese origins.... The biggest waste of funds ever! 	0
That's very good buy thank	1
That's really good..	1
That's all the phone did.  I tried 3 of them.  Never again	0
That's a perfect brand new deliver faster	1
"That was the worst deal I&apos;ve ever done - the phone doesn&apos;t work. The cell phone can&apos;t find a network and it&apos;s always written &quot;No service&quot;. This is the second phone Motorola DROID that they sent to me, and it doesn&apos;t work as well. I don&apos;t know where is the problem: if the phone is defect or it&apos;s just not unlocked. I wasted my money for nothing.    Because of this seller I&apos;m not gonna make business by ebay anymore and I will make sure that all of the people that I know, will find out what it happened on my case by doing business on EBAY ! So they can know what they deal with, purchasing on ebay.  It&apos;s just unforgivable"	0
"That saying&quot;No,I would not recommend this product to my friend&quot; isn&apos;t really truth cause I had to clock on something to get that preview finished.Read it further please.  The guys that I bought it from are very good with their service.It just happened - didn&apos;t have a lucky hand.Shipping and packaging was excellent.I did read a lot of reviews before I purchased that phone.But for some reason that unit cannot hold a battery life longer than 4-5 hours,screen doesn&apos;t&quot;cooperate&quot; sometimes,the signal strength was poor compare to cheap $40-$60 cellphones.I knew that I hit crappy one with screwed guts(pardon my French).  They offer me to exchange it but &quot;thanx&quot; to my nature - ones I put some info into that box I&apos;ll rather keep it.I&apos;m consumer and have not much technical skill plus time to study how to completely &quot;clean it out&quot;. That is why I store all my previous phones since 95 - like old Nextel etc.  The guys did very good job - they have all five stars from me - it&apos;s just the unit that disappointed me ."	0
that phone not worth 43$ I need might buy it 	0
That is not original	0
"That is a fake phone, has been refurbished . The worst ebay seller, cheating to the buyer. He promised me to pay for return shipping cost, but he didn't. Don't believe what he said on eBay about this item. No more a brand new and genuine Nokia 8800 Arte Gold like this around the world. Only refurbished by using old main board of Nokia then they make new cover. You can buy the same in Guangzhou China with the price less than 200 USD.  "	0
That hou have sell me an fucked up iphone thanks alotyou asshole	0
That bad service never arrived in shipment according to that I miss it	0
thankssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss	1
Thanks. Good item	1
"thanks,xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"	1
Thanks!!!!bafbagbaghafbNFjagjsgjFjagjacjagjavnavnagjgjagkagkajagkagkagkafjagjafjafjafjagjagjafnafnafnafnafnagmshmNavnavmavjagkwytkwiqtiqtqfjwgjwtjqjqtjqjqgjqgjagjag NavnafnafnafnafnafnafnafnafnanananafnanafnaaafjafjJjqgafjafnananacnagnayjCneyjagnsyjansykzmshksgnagnsykagjwynVnshnVnNs	1
Thanks!!! The best service.	1
Thank's!! Very fast.	1
Thanks you for my item	1
Thanks very much god bless 	1
"Thanks very much Ebay for inquiring about this product I purchased. It would interest you to know that I have not yet received the item. For some reason I do not know, the item was hurriedly returned back to the seller(when 15 days had not expired), despite the fact that other items I purchased from different sellers were delivered safely as has always been the case. My money was refunded and the seller, after a few days sent a message to me saying I was committed to buy the item, that I should pay now, the Pay Now option was there and I picked it and paid.  LG V10 RS987 64GB GSM Unlocked Smartphone-Black-Fair      Price: $124.99 You've committed to buy this item Item ID: 182561700852  Pay now      That was on Saturday Aug. 5th.  The following is the acknowledgement that came:     Thanks for your order, Julius! Your order is confirmed and we'll let you know when it's on the way. It will ship to 3411 Dodge Park Rd, Apt 101 Landover, MD 20785-2025 United States   View order details   Protected by                LG V10 RS987 64GB GSM Unlocked Smartphone-Black...  Item ID: 182561700852  Quantity: 1  Estimated delivery: Fri. Aug. 11  Paid: $124.99 with Credit card    Seller: cdma-supplier.             As you can see, Estimated delivery date was Fri. Aug. 11, but I have not yet receive"	0
Thanks very much	1
"Thanks that was I&apos;m looking for, fast service and excellent items.Good communication, easy to install."	1
Thanks so much for having excellent customer service.. Shipment was fast and they walked me through the activation process IPhone 6 Plus was in excellent condition!! I will be ordering again in the near future!!Thanks so much I am a new loyal customer!!!!!	1
Thanks it is a great item and come as specified. Like new	1
thanks i like this nokia c6 thank you so much i am very happy in the future i want to buy more thing with this seller	1
thanks i appericate itthanks thanksthanks i appericate it  i appericate it i appericate it  thanks i appericate it thanks i appericatthanks i appericate it e it thanks i appericate it	1
thanks great seller would tell all my friends to buy from this seller...fast shipper too!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1!!!!!11!!!!!!!	1
thanks great phone for this price	1
thanks good item excellent shape	1
Thanks God I could buy this cellphone!! :) It was a beautiful gift! :) You can buy it and you would like it!	1
thanks for your fast shipping and quality phones 	1
"Thanks for the phone, works great!"	1
Thanks for the great ebay experience !! My daughter was soooo excited to get her phone :)	1
"Thanks for the fast shipping. The item was just as described.It was an excellent choice. I have only been using the phone for little over a month, but I hope the phone and battery will last."	1
Thanks for the fast shipping. Product is as described.	1
Thanks for the excellent product.	1
Thanks for the awesome experience and wonderful service. Love the phone.	1
Thanks for Shipping fast!!!	1
Thanks for selling me your garbage the phone wont work properly i activated with boost mobile tech by phone and phone cant get data nor place calls or text messages. Have been on the phone with boost mobile 4 different times trying to resolve this issue resetting and updating and still not working...	0
Thanks for quick shipping! Highly recommended seller! 	1
Thanks for quick process and shipping out as soon ass possible.  Very please to do business with you.  thank you	1
Thanks for my Motorola droid turbo. Work perfectly.. Good seller I recommend you..  I'm from Guatemala	1
Thanks for fast shipping 	1
Thanks for being a great resource...on time and great shape!	1
"Thanks for ask because at this mmento i have a big problem with this phone!!!, battery life is nothing!!!! If i use my phone for a couples hours battery died easyly!!!!! Let se if we can do something, because i charge my phone all nite and next morning is dead!!!!!!"	0
"Thanks for an amazing open box IPhone 8. Had a technician I know that works at a cell phone repair shop open it and examine it and he said its in excellent shape. If I ever need to buy another phone I will from this seller. Fast shipping. Thank you, very happy with my purchase. "	1
Thanks for a very good value.	1
Thanks for a phone I can't use.	0
Thanks for a great deal on a great phone.. Extremely fast shipment   	1
Thanks a lot I am very happy 	1
Thanks !......................................................................................................................................................................................	1
Thanks ! Great seller !	1
"thank,it like but slow and diplay smail ......................................  sdfghsiegwetgttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt"	0
Thank you.the phone got here on time good price. I like the cell and  the mp3 play with a good  quality.	1
Thank you.  Love the  phone for a great price.	1
"thank you, love this andriod"	1
"THANK YOU, IT WAS GRAT DEAL is a good phone lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalala"	1
"thank you, had it on time, phone in excellent condition,with all the items included as described.Good seller."	1
"Thank you, great product! I arrived in Peru in 6 weeks Thank you"	1
"Thank you, fast shipping,  Very well packaged! "	1
"THANK YOU, FAST SHIPPING "	1
"Thank you, everything is fine"	1
"Thank you, 100% satisfied. I don&apos;t have much else too say except that I am very satisfied. la la la la la . . . la la la la!"	1
Thank you!)) all arrived in time!	1
Thank you! In working order so far. Everything as described! Super fast shipping! A++++ Seller 	1
Thank you! I love my new Samsung 	1
Thank You! Best Seller!	1
"Thank you very very much.  Great phone.   I&amp;apos;ll remember you Steve.  Thoughts: 3G vs. 3G S     1. The battery life for both is rather similar. SLIGHT improvement in the 3G S.   2. The LCD digitizer (touchscreen) is practically the same with both editions--3G seems brighter.   3. Dimensions and case sizes are nearly identical--3G S is a bit thinner. The engravings on the back are different, but you&amp;apos;re getting the same pretty case from the 3G.   4. Unaided GPS (without AT&amp;amp;T tower assistance) is just about as weak in both models... but the 3G S sports an internal compass, allowing for amazing accuracy and directional navigation while hiking and &amp;quot;street-walking&amp;quot;. Hands down, the best new addition to the 3G S.   5. The new CPU and graphics chip combine for SIGNIFICANTLY decreased loading times when partaking in both graphically intensive gaming, and everyday activities (web browser loading). In games, this contributes to increased frame rates which are highly noticeable.   6. The internal camera has been boosted from a paltry 2mp to an adequate 3mp. It&amp;apos;s not spectacular, but it&amp;apos;s in line with current offerings. It features autofocus, which is a very nice addition. FINALLY, users have built-in video recording capability without going to extreme lengths."	1
Thank you very much. Item was as described and fast shipping. Excellent features I love it. If you have it I&apos;m sure you will enjoy it.	1
Thank you very much you are awesome and again thank you God bless you 	1
"Thank you very much Phone is new, everything works great"	1
"Thank you very much for my phone. It&apos;s exactly what I was looking for. A+++++++ I like the color,the ring tones. also that I can transfer my ring tones and all my pictures to the new phone"	1
Thank you very much .This phone is very good i real like.I see this phone for long time.So thank you very good ebayer aaaaaaaaaaaa	1
Thank you very good seller. 	1
Thank you to a honest great seller !	1
thank you the phone is working good i love it	1
Thank you soo much I love hunn .	1
"Thank you so much, Im very pleased with this mobile.  y display was crased on my old one, but now I have repair it because I find this mobilephone.    :)"	1
"Thank you so much! Excellent Seller met our Demands, Shipped out Same Day and Received next Day. Very Rare Seller that Has goos Communications, Excellent Spare Cellphone Parts and More!!! Thank you Seller your iPhone Friend"	1
Thank you so much this what I wanted 	1
Thank you so much this was for my wife's mother and this is the only phone she knows how to use	1
Thank you so much loved those and good deal too 	1
Thank you so much its perfect!!	1
Thank you so much and the camera is absolutely amazing on this phone great price great seller I don't know if my reading went through on your eBay I hope so I was having some trouble with that but thank you very much very pleased	1
thank you nice product!	1
thank you its verey good Awesome product ! great value for the money   Awesome product ! great value for the money  Awesome product ! great value for the money	1
THANK YOU IM SO HAPPY WHIT THIS PHONE  WORK SO GOOD AND FEST AND GOOD PRICE AND GOOD SELES PERSON  I LICKE COME ON TIME TO I GIVE YOU 5 START TO SELES PERSON AND COMPANY LG  HAV GOOD BATERY	1
Thank you I love the phone. Everything works well.	1
"Thank you I am apreciate ,the product it&apos;s a original, full funcional.  You are a good seller .hcddggghbcxtwxxHb"	1
Thank you I already received the phone work just great	1
Thank you for your prompt response and delivery.  I appreciate the extra gift as well.  Overall a spectacular experience.	1
THank you for you quick responses and knollage of what you are selling A+++++++++ !!	1
Thank you for this deals 	1
Thank you for the seamless purchasing process! Great buy!	1
Thank you for the extremely fast shipping. I love this slim fit and the beautiful design.	1
Thank you for sending promptly arrived super quick!!!! Item was as described or better made my girlfriend very happy. Will be looking for future purchases with this seller. Thanks again. 	1
Thank you for selling this original product and for being honest	1
Thank you for prompt delivery of this Samsung S5.  Barely any signs of wear and screen has no scratches just like you indicated.  The battery life is great and phone working fast. If I am in need of another phone I will search your site first!  	1
Thank you for accepting my offert but l though have 260 dollars in my count only have 160 sorry and excuseme 	0
Thank you excellent seller and good ítems 	1
Thank you everything is fine happy with the purchase 	1
thank you bonne communication dommage tel en anglais obliger de le ramener dans un magasin specialiser nokia pour le mettre en francais	1
thank u so much.. tought it for elderly mom she loves it...	1
thank so much every thing say is in the post like that i did recive thank so much i hope i make deaks again whit you.	1
THANK FOR REPLACE THE PHONE   ALSO THANK JESSICA  FOR HELPING ME ON THE REPLACEMENT YOU DID A GOOD JOB  THANKS      AFTER HAVE THE PHONE FOR OVER TWO MONTH   NOW THE  CHARGING  PORT  PLUG  IS MESS UP   WILL NEVER  BUY  FROM THEM. HAD TO GO TO MY OLD PHONE   ORDER  PARTS  TO FIX THE  ONE I BOUGHT  FROM THEM    I DON'T THINK  THE PHONE   HAVE BEEN CHECK OUT   BEFORE THEY  SELL THEM  TO WHOEVER HAD TWO OF THEM  AND BOTH  OF THEM  OR   MESS UP 	0
Terrific. Seamless. Can't wait to put it to use! Thanks for responding back.	1
Terrific value and super price considering it is like New.	1
"Terrible.....maybe o.k. if purchased new(idunno?). But mine was used.  Thought i was getting a like new phone as advertised, but thats what i get for thinking.  My advice, dont buy!!!Aweful..woman at the phone shop would only give me $15.00 for the piece of junk, with all kinds of goodies that went with it.  I lost BIG TIME!!! you dont have too...stay away.."	0
"Terrible. The phone is not unlocked. When I put ultra mobile sim, it didn't work. Therefore, I emailed to him. He didn't reply to me. "	0
"Terrible service and terrible phone. Screen flickers when battery full, once half used you can hardly see the screen. Offered $10 dollar instead of a new item or refund!"	0
"Terrible seller,  phone doesn't work and it is not unlocked, he kept repeating that it did work and would not accept a return. I took it to a AT&T and a T-mobile store and and 2 representatives tried to make it work and IT DOES NOT!"	0
Terrible seller with bad products...cheater..im still wait to refund me or resend me a product that I order from him..dont buy from him.. 	0
Terrible Product. Don't buy 	0
Terrible phone battery. 	0
terrible battery. Hadnto charge 3 times a day.	0
Terrible battery life for a huge phone even though it saids 3600mah. The battery lasted till the evening even without using my data. I The camera isn't the greatest. I returned mine after 2 days. Im much happier with the samsung s5 neo.	0
Terrible  Dont Buy!!!!!!!!!!  	0
Terefic and excellent 	1
Tell the community about your experience using the Nokia N Series N9 - 16GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone.    è stato un errore grande questo acquisto non immaginavo.	0
Tell the community about your experience using the LG Incite CT810 - Silver (Unlocked) Smartphone. poor	0
Telephone screen starts laging and presing everything when its charcing.  its anoying and brake phone.	0
"Telefono super malo pantalla tactil no sirve, aplicaciones se traban el teclado escribe solo en fin un desastre de telefono vendedor dijo que.estaba %funcional pero no es cierto"	0
"Teléfono con bloqueo de red, operador Sprint, únicamente el titular de la línea puede solicitar el desbloqueo del mismo. En España, las tiendas de reparación de móvil, me indican la imposibilidad de liberarlo Si alguien puede ayudarme lo agradecería "	0
"TANKS GOOD ITEM, BUENO ES UN EXELENTE PRODUCTO FUNCIONA ALAS MIL MARAVILLAS EN COSTA RICA Y ES GENIAL"	1
Tal y como esta en la foto	1
Takes forever for shipment. 	0
take pink photo..and the seller say take nice photo..lied	0
"switching from old blackberry to our first smart phone.  As with any switch/upgrade, there are learning curves.  however, this phone is very responsive and everything seems to work very well.  No issues and learning curve was not bad.      When we read all the reviews - people were complaining about battery life but we have not had any issues so long as you plug phone in at night.  For the price, I can&apos;t imagine anything nearly as good as this capable phone.  (though, one issue from going from blackberry is giving up that key board as touch screen is not nearly as good/easy)"	1
"Surprisingly small but its actually very practical, good and bright display, good sound as well. Generally satisfied. But I really miss extra spot for headphones and also don't like the text in every picture I take with a triple camera. Stupid!"	1
"Supposedly, this cell phone was going to be for my brother cause his broke so he needed one really bad. When I saw this cell phone I thought that it was pretty cheap and it looked kinda new. So I decided to go for it and try it out. The thing that I disliked the most was that the cell was in pretty bad conditions; it did not have a back cover. Nothing like the picture."	0
"Supposed to be a new phone , but it has been modified ( rooted ) so it does not get Samsung updates ."	0
Supplier advertising that phone been tested witch I don't believe it was ear phone jack doesn't hold screen flashes in and out now I can't return it because I don't have the box. $80 gone won't do business with this again unhappy customer 	0
Superb thank you!	1
"Super slow shipping. Took 9 days to arrive. The phone description read &quot;A brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item in its original packaging (where packaging is applicable). Packaging should be the same as what is found in a retail store, unless the item is handmade or was packaged by the manufacturer in non-retail packaging, such as an unprinted box or plastic bag&quot;    This phone has clearly been used. The box it came it had clearly been opened. There was no protective plastic covering over the screen of the phone. And the kicker...there was still a photo saved on the phone. The phone has clearly been &quot;rooted&quot; or something like that. I am unable to download any applications. I feel incredibly ripped off. Hopefully Verizon can help me resolve any of these issues, although I&apos;m fairly certain the phone will have no warranty since it&apos;s been obviously tampered with."	0
super sick works perfect	1
"Super phone with unusual features such as FM radio, big 5' screen,  removable battery (2days runtime for me) and microSD slot up to 128 gigs.   The XT1609 is a Verizon prepaid phone but can be 3rd party unlocked to use with any 'Verizon MVNO' such as Tracfone, Safelink subsidized and Net10. WiFi on this phone is very sensitive more so than my Droid Maxx, Ultra or even Moto X phones. It comes with 6.0 Mello and if you do use a sd card this phone can simply add it to run apps not just store media. That's a big deal. There are a few minor shortcomings not AMOLED, Quad core but not the flagships fastest, 2 gig ram but not 3 or more as many flagships tout now. 2 years ago this could have easily been a flagship model and that's the value here. I own 2 both unlocked and on Verizon MVNO carriers instead of Verizon's more expensive $45 mo plan.   I can't say enough about this model other than if you want a ALL carrier model spend more and get a XT1607 to get Sprint, AT&t and Tmobile."	1
"super mobil telefon  This phone, made in monoblock body type - you can have at once three SIM cards. To switch between them there is a special &quot;hot&quot; button on the sidebar.    Phone is endowed with a 2.2-inch display with a resolution of 176  220 pixels, a camera with a 1.3 megapixel camera, wireless adapter Bluetooth 2.1, a slot for memory cards MicroSD, FM-tuner, and a flashlight.    Claimed battery life on one charge the battery capacity of 1500 mA  h up to 15 hours of voice data and 350 hours on call waiting. The device is designed for use in networks GSM 850/900/1800/1900 MHz."	1
Súper lindo  y llegó rápido   	1
super item!!!!!!! I LOVE IT I WILL RECOMEND IT TO EVERYONE WHO WANTS TO BUY A TOP PHONE IS THE BEST CHOICE A TOP RATED PHONE AND THE BEST MANUFACTURER	1
Super happy with my new phone! !!	1
"Super fast shipping, product just as described, and great communication! Will definitely be purchasing from them again! "	1
"super fast shipping, item better than described.This transaction was as smooth as butter. I would buy from them again without a doubt.&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;"	1
"Super fast shipping, highly recommend! Thank you."	1
Super fast shipping! Item just as described! Perfect purchase! 	1
Super fast shipping!	1
super faST SHIPPING PERFECT ITEM NO PROBLEM I WILL RECOMEND THIS VENDOR THANKS   THE PHONE WAS AS DESCRIBE AND FAST SHIPPING	1
Super fast shipping item in good condition seller nice and answered all my questions.	1
Super fast shipping	1
"Super fast delivery!!! Product was in great condition, as described. "	1
Super fast and great battery life 	1
Super awesome faster delivery the best seller thanks 	1
Sumamente pequeño extremadamente caro necesita más actualizaciones tecnológicas para el precio que tiene. Too small need tecnological update. Too expensive 	0
Such a weird seller. Bought it. Paid for it. Tracking information was sent but when delivered showed to another state. I asked about the item. Was told I would get different tracking info. The order then showed full refund issued. Then item was relisted. Asked about buying again/getting it shipped. No response. Keeps telling me I was refunded. Wth?	0
Such a shiny brand new phone with flawless hardware and smooth software. Thank you.  	1
"Such a perfect phone for those who don&apos;t  want to spend hundreds of dollars but at the same time feel like you have a smart phone / small Iphone.If you need a simple phone to talk, browse the internet and great picture&apos;s, then this phone&apos;s for you.    Thanks A lot!!!"	1
"Such a beautiful phone, great size, my battery goes all day for me. Great feature and speed. This the best phone I ever bought, I still can get my iTunes. "	1
Sturdy and compact and a great price! 	1
Stuck with IOs 7.2 With limited apps this smartphone is as smart as it is going to be.I guess it's brain is full. Thanks Apple!!!	0
Strong long lasting battery nice quick response 	1
stopped working in less than 3 months. 	0
Stopped working after 1 week	0
"Stopped Connecting with AT&T service after 3 weeks.  Requested a refund, heard back from EBay, but not a word from provider"	0
"Stop working at three weeks,save your money."	0
STOP SENDING REVIEW REQUESTS TO ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	0
stolen product cant be activated save your money and do not buy from this seller I am reporting them now	0
Stole me $ 58 for returning the item.	0
Still the best phone on the market.  no reason to upgrade. I keep buying Note 4's until Samsung makes a phone with a removable battery.	1
Still not receive my nokia3310seller no reply and cant givevme tracking no.	0
Still learning all the features. Happy with the phone.	1
"Still learning all the features but so far its easy to figure out! The size is great, thought it might be too large to hold in my hand but its comfortable! Was a great price on Ebay compared to the store! Battery holds the charge very well! I am very happy with this phone!"	1
"still i dont recive my backage from 1 month ago    i send many emails to complain but without respond  actauly i put my address in china then ebay told me to change it i give him my USA adress    thanx for care      china address    Nemer Mraiziq   RUH 24412  1618 Yishan Rd Building C 1/F Minhang District  Shanghai , 201103  Tel: +862 (1) 6163 5511       USA adress  Nemer Mraiziq   RUH 24412  182-21 150th Avenue   Springfield Gardens, NY 11413   Tel: 718-553-8740"	0
still havent received the dam phone..  I DONT HAVE ANYTHING ELSE SAY AND I WANT MY MONEY ASAP I WILL NEVER BUY OFF EBAY AGAIN GET THESE IDIOTS OFF YOUR SITE OR YOU WILL LOSE MORE AND MORE COSTUMERS	0
Still haven't received my package they have already taken my money and haven't even shipped my product yet the service is trash nobody has gotten back to me on my emails	0
Still have to try the phone but it was fast shipping. Nice. Thank you 	1
Still have mot got the items the seller didn't post on the on his post that the items can't be ship to p.o. box so ups shipped them to wrong address.	0
"Still has not come, I&apos;m waiting for the cell. very good seller and communicator, but still do not know what happened with the item. and I am interested."	0
"Still can&apos;t write a review as of yet, still trying to solve an issue. We are working on a code to unlock the phone. However, when I receive my code, then take my cell phone back to Verizon for connection, I am sure I will be happy, but I cannot give a review until I receive a code from the seller."	0
stayed online w provider for hrs; people I call cannot understand me as voice is garbled w overriding sound of rushing water. I will use only for emergencies & hope 911 can locate me by locating address of cell.	0
"Stay away from this. I used to sell these and I had most of them return for different issue, such as signal lost, speaker malfunctioning,stuck at Lg logo, not turning on, etc. It seems like LG has done nothing to improve their poor quality hardware. Same problem with other phones like G3,G4, Stylo 2, Tribute HD, etc."	0
"Sprint is going through a lot of changes since they have merged with Nextel, so I don&apos;t highly recommend the service right now.  However, I have had every service (Verizon, Cingular, T-Mobile) and now Sprint.  Verizon and Cingular have the worst customer service.  This phone is a great concept and is feature rich.  It is a good price considering all the features.  But, it is a bit awkward to hold; the flip phones are more comfortable.  I have actually dropped this phone several times because of its awkwardness.  I haven&apos;t been able to get the blue tooth headset to work (sold separately) and that was one of the main reasons I purchased this phone.  There is a different phone on my account that has an antenna and it gets better reception.  This phone needs some improvements and I do not recommend it."	0
"spilt a little coffee, on it , less than a tea spoon, its says its water proof and you can take pictures under water to 3 ft . and it died instantly"	0
"Speed and reliability!    My wife has broken three phones for half a year - therefore I searched for something strong and thus modern - both on design, and under characteristics.    Motorola Defy - possesses all parameters of modern phone - gps, MULTITACH, the fast Internet and thus satisfies to the most strict standards of security (glass gorilla, underwater etc.)    My small daughter already has tried to play with new phone - only for this evening was somewhere from three falling.    I recommend this phone to those who conducts an active way of life and thus doesn&apos;t want to lag behind on equipment!"	1
Speaker on phone did not work bad out of box! This phone was not only used it was wore out dont buy this product.	0
"Speaker is terrible, poeple can not hear me when I make a call"	0
Speaker does not work	0
"speaker did not work, phone did not work properly so we had to send it back to the seller.  Also the home charger did not fit into the phone properly which was the fault of the seller as they sent the wrong one."	0
Speaker and mic issues! Speakers do not work but 20-30% of the time. People can not hear when I call so the mic isn't working right. Speaker phone doesn't work either. Pretty much useless phone now since I cannot make calls.	0
"Soy fan de Nokia, y esperaba más de este teléfono, su cámara no es buena, las fotos salen opacas y sin vida, el volumen multimedia es muy bajo, no se escucha muy bien las canciones, debieron mantener el reproductor de música y de vídeo del Nokia N95 o del N73 o del N8 , como también la cámara del N8, en general debieron conservar muchas aplicaciones originales de Nokia, no se puede sincronizar con un dispositivo anterior para pasar información tales como contactos, realmente espero que en las actualizaciones de las apps hagan mejoras sobre las apps mencionadas arriba, otra cosa es que se calienta demasiado, no quiero pensar cómo será cuando estemos en verano, espero no se malogre "	0
"Sound good, inexpensive."	1
Sound does not work after 7 days of regular using. Can not be fixed after hard reset... Short battery life...	0
"sorry. My phone froze after i month from the purchase date. Ask tech for help, but did not get problem solved. Said warranty is only i month so money was wasted. Sad!"	0
"Sorry to tell as a used one this phone fused 3 chargers and finally during being an original charger is reaching the betty ic and power ic fused and not working now. As this model is impossible to use after a nonused laptime ,I wont say any thing to seller as he did the job honestly."	0
Sorry to say I cannot receive phone calls on it because the Apple tech that I talked to thinks my speakers are not working (I can barely hear voice when called). Needless to say this nullifies the phone and thus the basic reason for having it.	0
Sorry thought it was a plus model	1
"Sorry The LG VS990 that I receive was defected. I like to have never got it to power up.  I had to take the battery out then power the phone on while it was plugged in, After I did that  I did not have any more problem with it starting. Then about a week later no one could here me talking on it unless I restarted the phone, that would last about a day then it would do the same thing. Unless I turn the speaker on. No it was not on mute I check that. So I contacted the seller and He was GREAT he sent me a return label and I sent it back.It was not the seller fault  that the phone was defected he would have swapped it out but he was sold out of them.   "	0
"sorry on battery but it did not come w/battery i had a good one that worked out... can you help, or what to do to get Verizon ,should i take it in to them ???? going to hold off to hear back.. thanks again.."	1
Sorry it's not what i expected!!!! Today just get the mail i was surprised cox it doesn't even have a charger!!! Sorry I wiil not take it.	0
"Sorry I am not able to give a review yet as the phone will not turn on.  Therefore, I am making a claim and since this is a brand new experience, I don&apos;t know just what the results will be.  Hopefully, a positive one."	0
Sorry for late feedback the phone was perfect! My daughter really enjoys this phone! Thanks a bunch!	1
Sorry but this phone wasn't worth more than 20	0
Sorry but for some reason it don't perform like the previous one I had. With some malfunction.	0
"Sooo loving this phone, shipping was and the phone come unlock as the seller say. I live in the Caribbean, when the phone came all i had to do was put my sim in."	1
"Sony really had attention to detail on this phone in my opinion. The battery life without using stamina mode with wifi and bluetooth enabled would last me about 3 days on average with moderate use. With location services I noticed the battery drained significantly faster which is typical for most smart phones. The phone performs incredibly fast without skipping a beat, the camera is amazing and Im impressed at the UI's stability. I notice that sony does not have near as much bloatwear as samsung with it's stock OS. In fact I have no interest in using a custom ROM since the stock sony rom is so good. I have no complaints about this phone and I am really impressed on how good of shape the used phone was when I got it. It still looks almost new. I would recommend this phone to anyone who is sick of Samsung's excessive software features that bog down a phone's battery life and performance. Definitely a different experience than samsung (my previous 2 phones were samsung s4 mini and s5)."	1
"Sony Ericsson K310 de Videotron is at a very reasonable price 14.95 $ with a 3 year old contract. As regards the design, it is of a gray color, it has a screen of 128x160.  The duration of the battery which is 420 minutes in conversation and mode takes care 21600 minutes, approximately 15 days. As regards its weight, it weighs only 82 G.  It has a camera of 0.3 mega pixel what will enable you to take photographs of low quality. It does not have connection WIFI. It does not have any Bluetooth connection."	1
Sony devices are not supported by metropcs that should have been stated in description	0
Sony brought back Xperia and these phones compete with any flagship phone but cost half the price!	1
Son loved it. Im away from home ordered for my son was delivered on time and as described! Great value 	1
Sometimes it restart.i don't why. Other is OK 	1
sometime dont work signal dont work when people ring me up dont work like robort when u get phone call would buy this again sorry did like the phone	0
"something in between,stile waiting for refund my money after almost 2 month.................................................."	0
"someone hacked or fucked up and listed these phones,nothing for sale"	0
"Some wear more like beat, this phone has had a rough life. Case is gouged, buttons full of crap, ports are full of dirt and whatever else. Fried 3 sd cards  Battery life was only 6hrs. "	0
Some dings on corners but works great	1
"Solid performer, loaded with features and capacity. Looks great and works better. It replaced and older model with significantly better signal strength and data capacity."	1
"Sold phone with defective battery after sending me to apple refused to pay for battery, wasted 3 and half hours at apple.  Apple rep was shocked they sold the phone with such a bad battery, not a way to conduct business , If  I didn't waste so much time restoring from I cloud and a half a day at apple, I would have definitely returned phone"	0
Sold me a stolen phone. Do not trust this seller	0
Sold me a stolen phone !	0
Sold me a phone with a bad digitizer. The screen was so erratic that there was no way that the person selling wouldnt know it was a bad phone. Yet they sold it as 100% fully functional. Phone would message contacts random characters on its own or dial random numbers since it would switch screens on its own.	0
Sold me a phone that was locked and didnt come with what I said to have came with	0
Sold me a phone I couldn't use	0
"Sold me a phone and then reported it stolen. Do not buy from this person. As I spent over 1,000 for this item and got screwed over.  "	0
sold me a faulty phone and charger and wouldnt answer my emails not good in my book people like this shouldnt be tradeing its not good pratice	0
Sold a phone then refunds. Selling stolen phones on eBay. Very shady selller. Beware !!	0
"Software is not so friendly, lot of apps are missing from amazon app store, needs long time to stand for samsung, or others but not with apple "	0
software in this cell phone is very buggy it shutsdown atleast once a day the point is you never know when it will shutdown	0
So thin! Best buy!! Works great So happy with it. I bought it bc my boyfriends phone was old and not working well. i bought this one used and it works like a brand new phone. It is so slim	1
"so sorry I had to send the phone back cause it was the wrong one and the seller was great with getting my money back and had no problem, would buy again from seller would give them a 5 star rating."	1
"So I&apos;ve had this phone for about 4 to 6 months now and I wouldn&apos;t recommend it. It&apos;s easy to use, but sometimes my apps don&apos;t work. The phone restarts itself randomly a lot, and once i dropped it literally like 6 inches and all of my music was gone. It did come back eventually but it took awhile. I have poor service in areas where I should have good service. Sometimes I even lose service in those areas. The battery life is awful. I feel like all I&apos;m doing is charging the phone. When I don&apos;t have all the problems I like the phone because I prefer smartphones, but I don&apos;t need anything super high tech. So overall it&apos;s an okay phone, but I have lots of problems with it, so I wouldn&apos;t recommend it."	0
"So I have had almost all the diferent kinds of major brand smartphones (apple iphone, LG, Motorolla Droid, and a few more...) I have to say... This is THE BEST phone I've had. Totally easy to customize, to root, and to program. It has every feature I could ask for. I actually switched back from my New LG G5 to the G3 because the G5 had problems with GPS location... not the G3. The ONLY thing that sucks, is the battery life. But, in exchange it has amazing display. "	1
"So I got this phone. I tried to have it activated, but the problem was that they said the ESN was already in use. I contacted the seller many times about this + she said that she purchased the phone with NO PLAN. I believed her as she is an honest person. Anyways, Helio customer service is pretty much non existent. When i called them, they told me that I was SOL. I called again + one lady told me to check back in a few days as they were going to check out if the phone was actually being used. When I called back, I got the same run around + was again told to call back later. I did this about 3 or so times, then I was fed up. I asked to speak to the highest person that I could. The person on the other end of the phone refused to do that + asked what the problem was. I once again explained it to him. He then gave me the same story that i was SOL. I ended up hanging up on him because of his rudeness + lack of any help what so ever. Helio is a horrible company + they have no customer service what so ever. I&apos;m so mad that I can&apos;t get my phone activated because the ESN is &apos;already being used.&apos; That&apos;s a crock. It&apos;s not being used either. I refuse to ever use this phone company in the future. I refuse to give them any service + STRONGLY RECOMMEND THAT YOU NEVER GET A PHONE FROM THIS COMPANY!!!! If anything ever goes wrong with it, you will have to go through the same crap that I did. This is ridiculous. You would think a new company would help out its customers to build a good reputation, but this one didn&apos;t. Stay away from them!!! Who cares if they have myspace on their phones anyways? All other phones that have internet on them can get to it anyways. Once again, STAY AWAY FROM THIS PHONE COMPANY!!!!!!"	0
"So I got this phone. I tried to have it activated, but the problem was that they said the ESN was already in use. I contacted the seller many times about this + she said that she purchased the phone with NO PLAN. I believed her as she is an honest person. Anyways, Helio customer service is pretty much non existent. When i called them, they told me that I was SOL. I called again + one lady told me to check back in a few days as they were going to check out if the phone was actually being used. When I called back, I got the same run around + was again told to call back later. I did this about 3 or so times, then I was fed up. I asked to speak to the highest person that I could. The person on the other end of the phone refused to do that + asked what the problem was. I once again explained it to him. He then gave me the same story that i was SOL. I ended up hanging up on him because of his rudeness + lack of any help what so ever. Helio is a horrible company + they have no customer service what so ever. I&apos;m so mad that I can&apos;t get my phone activated because the ESN is &apos;already being used.&apos; That&apos;s a crock. It&apos;s not being used either. I refuse to ever use this phone company in the future. I refuse to give them any service + STRONGLY RECOMMEND THAT YOU NEVER GET A PHONE FROM THIS COMPANY!!!! If anything ever goes wrong with it, you will have to go through the same crap that I did. This is ridiculous. You would think a new company would help out its customers to build a good reputation, but this one didn&apos;t. Stay away from them!!! Who cares if they have myspace on their phones anyways? All other phones that have internet on them can get to it anyways. Once again, STAY AWAY FROM THIS PHONE COMPANY!!!!!!"	0
"So I got this phone. I tried to have it activated, but the problem was that they said the ESN was already in use. I contacted the seller many times about this + she said that she purchased the phone with NO PLAN. I believed her as she is an honest person. Anyways, Helio customer service is pretty much non existent. When i called them, they told me that I was SOL. I called again + one lady told me to check back in a few days as they were going to check out if the phone was actually being used. When I called back, I got the same run around + was again told to call back later. I did this about 3 or so times, then I was fed up. I asked to speak to the highest person that I could. The person on the other end of the phone refused to do that + asked what the problem was. I once again explained it to him. He then gave me the same story that i was SOL. I ended up hanging up on him because of his rudeness + lack of any help what so ever. Helio is a horrible company + they have no customer service what so ever. I&apos;m so mad that I can&apos;t get my phone activated because the ESN is &apos;already being used.&apos; That&apos;s a crock. It&apos;s not being used either. I refuse to ever use this phone company in the future. I refuse to give them any service + STRONGLY RECOMMEND THAT YOU NEVER GET A PHONE FROM THIS COMPANY!!!! If anything ever goes wrong with it, you will have to go through the same crap that I did. This is ridiculous. You would think a new company would help out its customers to build a good reputation, but this one didn&apos;t. Stay away from them!!! Who cares if they have myspace on their phones anyways? All other phones that have internet on them can get to it anyways. Once again, STAY AWAY FROM THIS PHONE COMPANY!!!!!!"	0
"So I got this phone. I tried to have it activated, but the problem was that they said the ESN was already in use. I contacted the seller many times about this + she said that she purchased the phone with NO PLAN. I believed her as she is an honest person. Anyways, Helio customer service is pretty much non existent. When i called them, they told me that I was SOL. I called again + one lady told me to check back in a few days as they were going to check out if the phone was actually being used. When I called back, I got the same run around + was again told to call back later. I did this about 3 or so times, then I was fed up. I asked to speak to the highest person that I could. The person on the other end of the phone refused to do that + asked what the problem was. I once again explained it to him. He then gave me the same story that i was SOL. I ended up hanging up on him because of his rudeness + lack of any help what so ever. Helio is a horrible company + they have no customer service what so ever. I&apos;m so mad that I can&apos;t get my phone activated because the ESN is &apos;already being used.&apos; That&apos;s a crock. It&apos;s not being used either. I refuse to ever use this phone company in the future. I refuse to give them any service + STRONGLY RECOMMEND THAT YOU NEVER GET A PHONE FROM THIS COMPANY!!!! If anything ever goes wrong with it, you will have to go through the same crap that I did. This is ridiculous. You would think a new company would help out its customers to build a good reputation, but this one didn&apos;t. Stay away from them!!! Who cares if they have myspace on their phones anyways? All other phones that have internet on them can get to it anyways. Once again, STAY AWAY FROM THIS PHONE COMPANY!!!!!!"	0
So I bought this phone based on the add. It arrived today and it looks/feels fake. I have more phones like this one original and let me tell you there is nothing original about this particular one. I'm very disappointed in the product and the seller. 	0
"So I bought this and kept it hidden, it was a gift for my mom to give to her today mothers day, I gave it to her she was really happy but when we took it to get a line on Metro it did not work they said the part where the chip goes was missing something, that made it impossible for the phone to read the sim card."	0
"So I bought the phone as a Christmas present, it was working really good for about two months (other than the fact that the phone charger it came with does not work) and now its super slow, its at 100% and two hours later its dead, it died randomly at a high percentage sometimes, and the back facing camera does not focus and is always blurry (that was a problem we had from the beginning) would not recommend if you dont want what I listed above."	0
"so i am so sorry about this question so this question is very important for me also cause since i purchase this cell phnoe arround 2 months ago i dont receive it yet. i already pay teh item but din ¿n t have it yet so i can qualify that one of the bad experience for all that time i bought things in ebay ,"	0
So happy with this seller 100% looks new I am very happy with my buy!!! 	1
"So happy with my new cellphone, excellent buy"	1
"So happy to find this product! Has minor screen burn, but what phone doesnt?! This has been amazing for my daughter. Thanks for super fast shipping!!"	1
So great - thanks!it is a replacement for my current / damaged beyond repair phone and it is wonderful.......................................................	1
so glad it was here and worked as a charger and an extra battery	1
"So far, so good. Replaced my year old Samsung S8+ with this one, as the GPS stopped functioning on the old phone. Not too impressed with that, but can't complain about the S9+ to-date."	1
"So far very satisfied.   Great camera.  Nice OLED screen.  Very good battery life.  Nice stock Android.  Many other very nice features.  Here are some minor complaints:  1) The phone has no LED for notifications, which I became accustomed to on prior Android phones I've owned.  2) It seems that rapid charging does not activate with my Qualcomm 3.0 compatible quick chargers, yet these work as expected on my prior quickcharge-compatible phone.  Only the charger that came with the Pixel phone will rapid charge. 3) Cannot turn off or relocate a top-of-homescreen widget-like app that shows date and current weather.  4) Cannot remove Google search bar from bottom of home screen (it seems).  5)  I'm not that crazy about the ""Overview"" task switcher in Pie.   But overall I am very pleased with the phone."	1
So far this phone is a total disappointment. Learn my lesson.(never to buy a cheap phone only by its looks) Will return  if I had not send it to a friend in the Dominican Republic. So this purchase is a total loss.	0
"So far the phone works fine. Has burns in the LCD but seems to be working okay right now it is NOT a galaxy note 4 edge it is just a edge so that is not a good thing to realize when you receive a product, noticing it is not the product you paid money for is completely upsetting. "	0
"So far so good... as described.  Interested to see how battery life etc. works out.  Thanks for a nice clean, quality product"	1
"So far so good. Nice experiencewith the phone a far cry from my previous seller bad experience.  If i have too do it again, it will be done in a minute."	1
"So far so good. My first smart phone,so I guess I have nothing to compare it to. Love the docking station. Wish it came with a car charger, had to buy one separate. Just bought a second one in case this one breaks, as I have no idea of the longevity of an HTC because I have always had a Samsung phone. Love the color, but a little heavier than I thought it would be. Haven&apos;t tried the charm yet.Camera takes good pictures.  Seems to be as smart as my sons Galaxy at a tenth the price. I use PagePlus and this Verizon phone works great for it."	1
So far so good. I wish the battery would stay charged longer but overall happy. Still getting used to the keypad.	1
"So far so good. Been a month with no issues unlike the old LG I had. No bloat ware, good reliable phone at a great price. "	1
So far so good.  This device was activated minus incident.	1
So far so good.  Phone was in box and had the plastic around the out side.  Phone is working great.  	1
So far so good the only complaint is it charges slow but holds the charge very well.	1
So far not what was in the add  I got a att note 4 it was Samsung account locked and the other phone wouldn't turn on  had to return them did not work like add said 	0
so far no problem with it as of yet couldnt find the mmc problem at all but thanks for the great deal ! 	1
"So far it seems to be clean and undamaged, but only time will tell if its truly good quality since its clearly not a new phone, it was still logged into another persons email, facebook andhad her contacts on the phone, It should have been factory reset and listed as a used phone. I need a phone so i will be using it but I am very unhappy about the dishonest listing and the price since its not new."	0
"So far is working good I think it's a good price a lot cheaper, than your providers I have T-Mobile and they sell it for $300 more that I paid for. So good price.  "	1
So far is great working	1
"So far I am happy with the Moto G5 Plus with 64GB.  On AT&T Gophone plan voice, text, and data all perform as expected.  No negatives so far."	1
So clear and fast	1
So bought 2 lg g6 phones 1 worked the other 1 did.dont understand why send something is not is not working i mean the least ppl can do is make sure you can make a good phone call. I received the phone with 0 audio the earpiece was bad cant hear anything at all..	0
so bad condition which i got from this seller even said it is in excellent condition 	0
so apparently my aunt loved the phone so much I had to buy a second pair for her.  Honestly for a used phone it looks amazing n the interface is good as well. For a blu it's not bad at all  	1
"Smooth, fast, easy and fast shipping.  Good value for a phone that&amp;apos;s leaving the country and will be used only overseas."	1
Smooth to deal with and very understanding. 	1
Smelt bad but I fixed the smell with Clorox so but it works fine thanks	1
SMARTPHONE DOES NOT WORK RAM = 500 ROM = 100MB ISSUE ERRORS 	0
"Smart phones are becoming more of a luxury item and basic reliable devices like this one are perfect for most things we like to do with them.   I am a super user and I can do everything with this phone.  I travel abroad quite often and I like the ability to just swap SIM cards and be up and running in minutes.  Be sure to buy it unlocked, international version.  Great buy for the price."	1
Smart phone has everything great phone 	1
Smaller  than anticipated but works well 	1
"Small, compact, and plenty of power for my needs."	1
"Small,  powerful  & easy to use "	1
"Small storage, too much slow starting , doesnt meet system requirements for some apps. "	0
Small scratch on front screen and several scuffs on back. Had messaged asking if there were any scratches I was told if it stated mint condition than it was  in brand new condition.... it wasn't in brand  new condition but I'm ok with it. Thats why four stars.... Can't see scuffa because I  have case on it. Quick shipping. Overall happy. I was nervous buying used phone in eBay but I'm pleased. Thanks!  One mos later: my screen is now separating from my phone. I'm right out of the 30 day window for return. Thank goodness I purchased Assurant. It's definitely defective. 	0
"small phone not what i thought , not enough space for apps"	0
Small enough to put in your pocket. Easy to use works fine. I bought this product because my other phone stopped working. This product is a great sounding phone you can play music.	1
"Small and compact, just what I needed."	1
"Slowest phone in the world, and I dropped it once, and it shattered the screen, Didnt even hit the ground that hard, this phone sucks!"	0
"Slower than Molasses. When you type something it's not the key you pressed so what you are writing doesn't make any sense. Battery life Sucks, it sits unused on the Coffee table :("	0
"slow shipping,brook phone doesnt work..........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................."	0
slow processor. i read the reviews saying it was slow but really slow. great interface but very familiar similar in for form and function to the E71 and E72 except for more advancements to UI but no upgrade in processor to make those tweaks quick and rapidly achievable.	0
"Slm is the exact brand name of what you say samsunug, but the photo is full of lg explanations so it says the exact model is what I need Slm is the exact brand name of what you say samsunug, but the photo is full of lg explanations so it says the exact model is what I need lg g2 d800 and the cash is solid I am waiting for the reply that you have not written a woman. and the cash is solid I am waiting for the reply that you have not written a woman."	0
Slide me a phone that was reported lost/stolen and didn't work now Can you unblacklist it I've tried everything to do it	0
"Slide is easy to use, does not disconnect like my old phone.  Feel like this phone was a great value and is an attractive phone with many features."	1
"Sleek phone, excellent value for the money."	1
Sleek Design...Great Apple Product!!	1
"Size is okay.  But battery life is really bad !!  Have to charge it two/three times a day and I have only weather apps on it running, and I took it off yesterday.  So just running phone, messages, time/calendar - that is it.  Battery goes from 100% to 20 in 5 hours  !!!  Otherwise phone is fine, good image, good photos, easy to use keyboard and all.  But none of that counts if you are having to charge it."	0
Sir i mailed out your note 4 on Thursday 27 its sent by usps tracking no 9505515017137208109470.	0
Single-sim phone sold as dual-sim. But in a good condition. Decided to leave	0
"Single sim, model G975U. I needed dual sim, G975F/DS. Very disappointed. Now I need to sell and get the one I need. not as described."	0
"Since this is not about the seller I'll be clear.  The Lumia 950 itself deserves five stars, but the company that made it possible barely should receive one.  They are ignoring customer loyalty and not working much on standing behind it.  They are even developing on favor of competitors' operating systems. The reason I acquired it, still, is because: -Its build is strong and slim even if fashion freaks don't like plastic. -The operating system is very secure. -It actually does double as a desktop computer.  You don't even need the expensive display dock.  All you need is a $2 data cable adapter, USB mouse/keyboard combo and a Miracast dongle. -The camera and supporting software are excellent. -I am no Millennial, so I don't need all the time-wasting apps it lacks."	0
Since its a refurbished phone should not have expected too much phone freezes up a lot & heat up *going IPhone now*	0
Since it got delivered to me the home button doesn't work and I have been forced to use the control button on the screen which is really annoying. The phone would be perfect other than that  	0
"simply the lcd is a defective item ,,just I see white screen "	0
"Simply the best, the phone was smaller than Asus Zenfone 5 with 5 inch display, that's awesome! I was sad about small capacity of battery,  but after use nice tasking 7 hours i just use a half of battery, that's great!  Camera is so awesome."	1
"Simply put, this is great phone. It&apos;s the perfect size and has a crystal clear speaker.  It comes with a plethora of options, as most cell phones of today do.     The features include a 1.3 megapixel camera, video recording, VCAST, MP3 player (music controls on the front), web browsing, bi-directional flip, and a QWERTY keyboard just to name a few. I love the QWERTY keyboard as I use the phone for texting more than I do for talking.    My only small complaint with the phone is the key size, they are very small and very close together. If you have large fingers then you will be fighting to press the correct keys.    The camera works great and took surprisingly clear pictures compared to my last phone.  A definite plus.    If you are a text&apos;er, and want a small phone with a full QWERTY keyboard this phone will not let you down."	1
Simply OUTSTANDING!	1
"Simply better than any other brand using Android, real water proof. My best impression, you can rec what happening on the screen...and much more. Very recommended."	1
Simple to use!!!	1
Simple effective device. Long battery life. Durable and dependable. Not great for texting but who cares when you simply need to make phone calls.	1
"Simple and stylish, everything you need in a PHONE, or FONE, I guess. Seriously, do you really need email, internet, music, GPS or a camera built in? It&apos;s a phone for crying out loud. It has Motorola quality, great reception and sound, in a weather tight shock proof package that&apos;s as thin as a pencil! I think it&apos;s one of those love/hate items, I love it!"	1
Simple and easy to use	1
"sim tento compra e voces simplesmente na hora de pagar atraves do cartão, voce ignoram e não dao sequencia na compra, muito obrigado pela atenção, bons negocios."	0
SIM card will not work in phone 	0
"Sim card reader doesn't work. The returns ir refund process was good. They originally paid for an unlock code for my phone, because sim cards were not being accepted. Then, they refunded an unlock code I paid for, but as it turns out, the sim cards are not even being detected by the phone. 160+ dollars thrown away."	0
SIM card not working 	0
SIM card doesnt stay in... pops right out... worthless!!	0
siemans al21[unlocked]                    the phone does not work in our area we are in a remote area.but ourother cell phones work reasonably wellWe wanted a simple no frill phone.we had to buy another sims card to make it work at all but not in our remote area.would not reccomend this phone to anyone.	0
Shuts off randomly. Is a crappy phone that does not operate well at all	0
Shut phone off and will not restart	0
Showed up way earlier than expected in amazing condition and have been happy since I turned it on...best phone out there and I got one hahaha	1
should have posted there is a duty tax 	1
"Shop website : www. uionshop.com     Payment Method  : Accepted: Bank Transfer and Verified Paypal (With Confirmed Address)     Sale :  New  HD Tvs , Laptops &amp; Notebooks , Mobile Phones &amp; Iphone 3GS - Iphone 4 ,Digital Camera &amp; Camcorder ,   Home Audio , MP3/MP4 Player , Video Game PS3 Console , GPS Receiver and so on .     Most Popular Product : New Apple Iphone 4 unlocked 32GB Black or White -  Factory unlocked  - Only : $540.00 USD     All the products brand new in the original box with sales literature .    100% High Quality + 100% Brand New + 100% Warranty + 100% Quick Shipping + 100% Secure !     Please log on our website.                 Shop site  :  www. uionshop.com       Delivery : You may expect to receive your item in about 3 to 5 Days time for UPS or Fedex Delivery.      Refunds &amp; Returns : 15 Days return Policies . Refund will be given if the item is not the same as pictures and descriptions, money will be fully refund.     Contact Us:     Email :  Online-help@uionshop. com    MSN : UionShop@hotmail. com    Buy wholesale products at wholesale price from wholesale market uionshop.com direct !     Looking forward to hearing from you soon .     Regards"	1
shit refurbished	0
Shipping was very fast and seller was very accommodating 	1
Shipping was quick. Product was great. Didn&apos;t have any problems with seller. Would recommend to anyone	1
Shipping was quick. I had no problem getting it all set up with Verizon and transferring the information from my old phone.	1
Shipping was fast but product was defective. product had a screen problem that was never reported by seller.	0
Shipping was fast and free but if I could give this phone less than 1 star I would it's slower than molasses in the winter time the Bluetooth constantly disconnects and screen had a crack in it when I received it. 	0
Shipping was extremely fast and the phone cosmetically was even better than described. Haven't used the phone yet but so far everything has been super smooth. Couldn't be happier. 	1
"Shipping took way to long, than when i got the phone it had way more wear on it than decribed, and i bought the phone bcause it was supposed to be fully flashed to cricket and it wasnt, i had to pay to have it flashed. so i spent way over my limit and i am highly upset over it. seller doesnt take returns and now i see why. bcause there not even what he says they are. i wouldnt buy from them anymore."	0
shipping stones instead of iphone Is fake is stone  Fake   	0
"Shipped within hours after I paid, phone has minimal ware and works great! Thanks buddy."	1
Shipped promptly arrived as expected and advertised	1
Shipped out the phone right away received it in a few days. 	1
"Shipped fast, good price, exactly what I need in screen protector. "	1
Shipped fast! Great item! Good communication!	1
Shipped fast and have had no problems with this phone. Thank you!	1
Shipped broken and then the seller said send it back for a refund but won't replace the item. This company is a fraud I see what they did and still are trying to do. Don't buy from this company because if you get a defective item they want it back while you wait for weeks to be refunded. Worst company I've dealt with on any site. Don't be fooled there called the phone cellars on a few sites. Buyers beware of no customer feedback from the company and bad communication thru eBay. 	0
SHIPPED  ON TIME AS PROMISED.   ALL PARTS WERE INCLUDED.  I WOULD CERTAINLLY DO BUSINESS WITH THEM AGAIN	1
"Ship late, dose not reply to question why was it late. When it should have bee deliver 10/30. Now have to wait till November. "	0
"She had been using an iPhone 4s for several years and it was time for a change.  The form factor is exactly what is needed these days - arrived on time - the ""ecosystem"" for the android is quite rebust and the ability to modify settings is great.  Finally, the S5 is water resistant and its battery is accesable and can be switched out.  All good!"	1
She enjoys very much.	1
"she  got me on a scam,sent me a junk phone that the ringer barely worked,the ear speaker didn&apos;t work, the phone cut out all the time, and the charger was incapatible.     Then send the phone back for a refund and she would not refund the money after acknowledging the refund!!"	0
Service horrible 	0
"Seriously. It's a really good phone, for a really good price.  "	1
"SERIOUS SELLER VERY FAST SHIPPING AND CONTROL AS STATED IN EBAY, I recommend it is a serious person for giving us GRATEFUL TO EBAY TRUST IN EACH OF OUR TRANSACTIONS"	1
"SERIOUS SELLER VERY FAST SHIPPING AND CONTROL AS STATED IN EBAY, I recommend it is a serious person for giving us GRATEFUL TO EBAY TRUST IN EACH OF OUR TRANSACTIONS"	1
"SERIOUS SELLER VERY FAST SHIPPING AND CONTROL AS STATED IN EBAY, I recommend it is a serious person for giving us GRATEFUL TO EBAY TRUST IN EACH OF OUR TRANSACTIONS"	1
"SERIOUS SELLER VERY FAST SHIPPING AND CONTROL AS STATED IN EBAY, I recommend it is a serious person for giving us GRATEFUL TO EBAY TRUST IN EACH OF OUR TRANSACTIONS"	1
"SERIOUS SELLER VERY FAST SHIPPING AND CONTROL AS STATED IN EBAY, I recommend it is a serious person for giving us GRATEFUL TO EBAY TRUST IN EACH OF OUR TRANSACTIONS"	1
"Sent wrong product, that was from Wal-Mart. And locked.  Probably stolen. Seller has not responded. "	0
"sent the product back, was sent the wrong one, nothing else to review on this product, ...................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................."	0
Sent phone back to Tracphone per their instructions. Never recieved a refund.	0
Sent package (cod) cash on delivery. Item was unusable when Delivered due to seller. Refused to return Payment until i had no other choice to open an ebay case against seller. Worst ebay experience ever. I felt like i was being robbed. 	0
sent me a phone with no Sim card don't buy from them	0
Sent me a bricked phone	0
"sending is correct, but at the time of testing the product is slow in performance, I do not like ..."	0
Send me iPhone blacklisted I couldnt use	0
Send apple charger cable for s9 plus 	0
Send a item bad an Said me for I try repair then not accept pai for it  	0
Sells broken phones 	0
Sellers should always advice International buyers of the implications of selling a locked phone.This is important especially if the seller is not ready assisting the buyer to unlock Tru the carrier	0
sellers responses to my concerns were met with disrespect and posturing. My concerns regarding the use of this device were legitimate	0
Sellers phones are badly scratched	0
sellers item was just as expected i will order from this seller again	1
"Seller writes not to &quot;pester&quot; with queries right away but to wait a few days, so I didn&apos;t. I received my item on time. Don&apos;t get turned off, I didn&apos;t see the &quot;shipped&quot; icon after 5 days so I got concerned. I figured if it didn&apos;t arrive yet thats ok but not to even ship it?! I wrote a message to the seller requesting an explanation. At the last second I decided not to send the message, but to wait another day. When I got home my wife mentioned that &quot;yesterday&quot; a package came in the mail. I looked at the website and it still didn&apos;t have the &quot;shipped&quot; icon. They forgot to post the icon as &quot;sent&quot;, but I got it fast. Also, I looked at the postage and it cost them about $6.00. which means they didn&apos;t make anything extra on the handling. I feel that I could really trust this seller."	1
Seller wont respond the phone DOES NOT work on T-Mobile 	0
Seller went beyound what any othere seller would do to get the iteam delivered to me.ordered iteam on december 20 estimated  date was december 27 ...but recieved it december 22.i am super happy with my purchace .great seller.	1
"Seller was very fast on shipping, and the product was better than described, this was $840 through phone through Verizon and I paid less than 400 . I would definitely use this seller again."	1
Seller was very communicative and honest. Great item! 	1
Seller was misleading.  The phone is not unlocked and only works on Verizon. 	0
Seller was extremely responsive and easy to work with.  Phone is in good operational condition.	1
Seller was excellent helped with activation of phone walked us threw  issues and was able to activate phone been using it for a few months now with out any problems would definitely recommend this seller	1
"Seller was absolutely right about description of the item & it is a great phone. She kept me up to date on the shipping details & made sure everything was right with the purchase. Definitely buy more items from the seller, very helpful & honest."	1
Seller was a scam artist and I never received the phone he took my money an ran. 	0
"Seller was a con. No artist, just a grifter w/o the skills to pull a confidence trick.  Knew the gig was up when PayPal wouldn't release payment and 'seller' wouldn't send notification of shipment.  Be careful. Ebay is usually A level in safe purchases, but crumbs like this do exist. Did get caught with a case for the phone (purchased it about same time as phone) so I did not escape w/o some nominal 'damage' - but that was my slip up."	0
seller wants me to go get it repaired will not give me a replacement	0
seller turned did not send the item be cause he &quot;wrongfully&quot; listed it.I have no experience with the phone because it was never sent to me.I have no experience with the phone because it was never sent to meI have no experience with the phone because it was never sent to meI have no experience with the phone because it was never sent to meI have no experience with the phone because it was never sent to meI have no experience with the phone because it was never sent to meI have no experience with the phone because it was never sent to meI have no experience with the phone because it was never sent to meI have no experience with the phone because it was never sent to meI have no experience with the phone because it was never sent to meI have no experience with the phone because it was never sent to meI have no experience with the phone because it was never sent to meI have no experience with the phone because it was never sent to meI have no experience with the phone because it was never sent to meI have no experience with the phone because it was never sent to meI have no experience with the phone because it was never sent to meI have no experience with the phone because it was never sent to meI have no experience with the phone because it was never sent to meI have no experience with the phone because it was never sent to meI have no experience with the phone because it was never sent to me	0
"seller tranfone canceled order with no reason,  unfair that seller can do all all kinds of stuff and buyers get penalized for many  reasons..."	0
Seller totally works with buyer to make everything to buyers benfit.  Highly recommend to purchase cell phones from. Will purchase again from seller and added to my seller list for furure purchases.	1
"Seller told me it is Sprint iPhone6 model A1586. However it's model is A1549, not Sprint, maybe att or tmobile. Can not satisfied with it."	0
"SELLER STATED THAT IS WAS A SPRINT AND SENT ME A TELUS I860, THE ONLY PROBLEM WAS THAT THIS WAS NOT AS DESCRIBED, A SPRINT IS A SPRINT AND A TELUS IS WAT IT IS. THE PHONE WAS VERY WELL LABELED. NO WAY HE COULD HAVE MISSED THIS. AS FAR AS I KNOW HE DID THIS INTENTIONALLY, AD TO CHEAT. WATCH YOUR BACK WHEN YOU BUY PRODUCTS FROM THIS PERSON.."	0
Seller stated phone didnt have scratches or anything and it was flawless... phone came with scratches all over the screen! Beware of this seller!	0
Seller sold me a sm-g930p but on the ad clearly shows in the description as a sm-g930f model. But i when received the broken item i only found out when i opened the item that it was a sm-g930p model.  Now the seller is making the excuse that i had opened the broken item that. Now i cant return it when he knew he sent me the wrong model. Bad business in turn i messed up my phone. Please do not trust this seller he will post item that are not what he has in the description. And will make you out to be the bad guy i lost my phone and 50plus dollars to this low life scammer.	0
"Seller sold me a defective phone! Overheated when used or charged, made buzzing sounds, screen will black out. I decided to return immediately, didn't even use it past the first day or connect it, and once the seller received the phone back they tried to say that the phone was defective because of the packaging I sent it in even tho there were no external damages! Awful sneaky seller! Do not trust this person!"	0
"Seller sold me a broken phone, knowing it was broken. I returned the phone at my cost and was not reimbursed the shipping fees.   I will never buy from this seller and does not recommend that anyone does.  "	0
Seller sold me 2 phones stated there TECHS looked over phone and they were in great working condition.. #1 phone had a bad battery and bad charging board. #2 phone also had a bad battery and a wonky charging board. Seller straight out lied when selling phones. Beware of these phones parts are cheap and what I paid for both phones both should have been repaired BY THERE TECHS wink wink before I purchased them. Parts are cheap cost me $100 to repair both phones and now they are great phones. Beware of the seller I purchased from.	0
"Seller sold fake phone. When contacted, he said to return it and I had to pay shipping. The seller then say did not receive the return so he didn't refund me the amount. Overall bad service."	0
"Seller shipped the wrong item. I received and S III mini instead of a S III. Seller promised me a partial refund, but continues to come up with excuses to not refund it"	0
Seller shipped seconds after purchase and item got to me fastest that any other on ebay - i will buy ad=gain from seller of course	1
"Seller sent the phone to a random person instead of me because seller received an I won email, but please send it here instead.  So dumb. "	0
seller sent phoen with the key pad locked and no code to unlock it. The auction does not state anything about the key pad being locked.	0
"seller sent me the wrong phone  (the leather back version) and i instantly cracked the screen after dropping it. phone is terrible, so is seller."	0
Seller sent me a used phone with a password set. Phone was useless. Seller on vacation.  I have no fix.	0
Seller sent me a phone with a corrupt O/S so it would restart every 20 seconds to 1 minute. Useless. Its literlaly just a paperweight.	0
"Seller sent me a locked and unusable phone and refuses to pay for return shipping. The phone was not listed as locked in the item listing. It was listed as New which implies that it is unlocked. I had to contact eBay in order for the seller to 'offer' a RMA.  Never buy anything from the seller, marcoz2622. He is a scammer. "	0
seller sent item as described and was very prompt-item is in like new condition-would not hesitate to do future business with seller-this is the type of seller that every buyer needs to do their business with-DEDRICK J. WINDOM-dwind7787@yahoo.com	1
Seller sent a product in better than expected shape. Seller was INCREDIBLY accommodating after I realized I could not access the 4g lte network. Granted me a return. FANTASTIC customer service. Buy with confidence. 	1
"Seller sends a messed up phone that has a missing sim tray, water damage, and its all used up. Not trustworthy"	0
seller seller send me a old junk he never send iphone 	0
"Seller said this cell phone is unlocked, for any GSM Carrier , not work another Carrier just verizon, please reduce price ,thank you"	0
seller ripped me a cell phone walked me 2 days and then gave it to me low and lifted the antenna signal	0
seller ripped me a cell phone walked me 2 days and then gave it to me low and lifted the antenna signal	0
SELLER REFUSES TO HONOR 30 DAY MONEY BACK GUARANTEE.  PHONES ARE NOT COMPATIBLE WITH HAND FREE BLUETOOTH IN HONDA CIVIC 2012.  SELLER STATES BLUE TOOTH  IS FUNCTIONAL IN OTHER VEHICLES BUT NOT MINE.  RECEIVED BOTH PHONES I PURCHASED A WEEK AGO AND NO REFUND.  STATES PHONES WERE TESTED AND FUNCTIONAL.  THEY DO NOT FUNCTION IN MY CAR.  TALKED TO SELLER TWICE.  FIRST TIME SAID TO SEND THEM BACK FOR A FULL REFUND (AS GUARANTEE STATES WITHIN 30 DAYS)  SECOND TIME..A WEEK LATER..STILL NO REFUND..SELLER SAYS I AM NOT ENTITLED TO THE REFUND.  DISPUTE OPENED WITH RESOLUTION CENTER.  SELLAR DOES NOT STAND BEHIND THE GUARANTEE NOTED IN THE DESCRIPTION.  BEWARE..SELLER DISHONEST	0
"Seller promised to give me 1/2 of the price back on watch as it did not work, which I haven't seen yet.    We couldn't get it to turn on no matter what we did!!!  Sorry I can't give a good review on this watch."	0
Seller Not send this Product which i win on bidding.  Ebay send my Money back.I was Happy to use Ebay but not Happy with This Seller	0
seller never sent it	0
Seller needed to put more specifics about all the problems I'd encounter with this phone. Very unhappy 	0
"seller makes photo of another product and not that this selling to mislead the buyer, the specifications of the product never says it asta the last row"	0
"Seller listed the item are new. It was definitely not new, refurbished at least. Came it an open bow that said att on it, Everything was unsealed. Screen looked like it had been replaced and you could see glue on one side. Touchscreen seemed like it was missing my touches. Phone Info app said the phone was originally white, but I bought it as black. The phone itself is nice big phone, stylus is a great feature, size a bit too much for me. Haven't had chance to test how everything works because I felt cheated and returned the phone.  Specs-wise the phone promises to me a workhorse with tons of features, a little outdated but still awesome product. "	0
"SELLER LISTED PHONE AS REFURBISHED.  WHEN RECEIVED I COULD NOT GET IT TO READ MY SIM CARD. SELLER RETURNED $20.00. JUST FOR MY SATISFACTION I SENT IT TO A REPAIR FACILITY, THEY DIAGNOST IT AS BOARD LEVEL PROBLEM SO IT COULD NOT HAVE BEEN REFURBISHED."	0
"Seller listed item as ""everything works"" bad imei which is Icloud ""Track my phone"". Seller not original owner can not unlock icloud. Only use is paper weight!"	0
Seller lies and says that the phone is fully functional but it is not. Stay away from this seller no matter what. I wanted to return it after I explained my issue but I was not allowed. IMEI is also unknown which was not described in the listing so I can't use the main board. Worst experience ever on eBay so far. Not an honest seller. He only says enough to make you want to buy the device but he's not upfront on the real issues the phone has. Dishonest seller!!!!	0
Seller lied. It is not brand new and unlock phone. And when I email him. He never give back to me!! Very bad attitude. and Worse product!  Don&apos;t buy anything from him!	0
"Seller lied  Said only screen was changed  Phone has no camera,no screws,cracked screen,screen ribbon ripped off and missing,battery not good,mother board not good"	0
Seller knowingly sold damaged item to me and refused to exchange it or issued me refund. Be Careful with this seller and don't be fooled by the cheap price he's offering. 	0
SELLER KEPT PROMISING TO SEND ME A CHARGER AND NEVER DID KEPT GOING BACK AND FORTH WITH FREE CHARGER THEN WANTED TO CHARGE ME AND THEN SAID FREE TOO MUCH TO DEAL WITH SO I FILED A DISPUTE WON IN MY FAVOR ALSO WITH RETURN POSTAGE.	0
Seller is not responsive.    Seller is not cooperating    I tried to bring a middle solution to the seller but he is exaggerating the case and doesn&apos;t want to bring a solution to it.	0
Seller is not recognizing by eBay lots of problem with shipping finally product came but wrong item was send not a I phone but send me a short to wear for $550.00 and eBay after lots of calls I got my credit but do not buy anything from this seller	0
"Seller is not answering the messages. Also the phone is broken, bad, I been asking to get my money back. No answer from him.    "	0
SELLER IS FRAUD.......selling damaged/garbage items....and rude on top of that....i bought it thinking it will be decent...for my kid	0
seller is a layer	0
"Seller is a Ebay Scam Artist and Ebay is the enabler.  Sets up auctions, claims that it may take months to ship item and Ebays give the crook a 2 month head start with the cash before they go after them.  Do not buy from this seller.  Scam"	0
Seller has horrible customer service stay away clearly is money hungry 	0
Seller has excellent communication and feedback on product.   Got the phone for my grandma and she loves it and easy to use.	1
Seller Han cancelled without any reason .	0
Seller had good product and very good prices and answered all question that I ask. I was also pleased in the quanity of the product i was looking for that they had in stock and the varity to chose from. I am also pleased whith the response time.	1
Seller had a case on the iPhone in his photos to cover up all the scratches and bent metal that you just couldnt see.  Deception.  Anything for money....He/She is a con artist.....Run...	0
seller great ship fast only thing was broken screen and didn't work  other than that got refund and seller earned my respect would buy from seller again	0
Seller dont respond to my messenges!!! Not as described  Need to spend 60$ to unlock it and use it   Model: iPhone 7 Plus 32GB silver IMEI Number: 355356085298203 Serial Number: FYMTX1XRHG05 Find My iPhone: OFF Locked Carrier: US T-Mobile Locked Activation Policy Country: Us - United States Simlock: Locked 	0
"Seller doesn't go lower then $1.00 on (MAKE OFFER) not worth Negotiating ,don't WASTE your time..."	0
"Seller does not respond, is false"	0
Seller did not send...  Very fishy seller.	0
Seller did not report broken screen	0
Seller did not disclose that the item had discoloration in the LCD display. Claimed that only the glass was broken and there was a small speaker issue. Misleading photos were taken in light that didn't show the red damage on the screen. Would not recommend doing business with this person.	0
Seller did a GREAT job with concerns I had with purchase. Excellent service would buy again from seller.	1
Seller deserves a A plus product was emacylant! 	1
Seller completely ignorant wouldn't care about the customers needs. Would not buy again and I'm waiting for my money back	0
"Seller communicated well and even if the transaction did not go as plaenned, I am happy with the outcome. I still recomend this seller, giving the seller an A+++++++++++++++++++++++++++.  :)    Manuel."	1
"Seller claimed phone was unlocked -it was not. Then argued with me about it even after I returned the item and she received it. Supposedly sent my refund, but cancelled it. So I never received my refund. DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER. Too much drama! "	0
"Seller changes conditions of sale. Not a reliable source. Bid won, conditions were met and seller canceled sale and immediately relisted item."	0
Seller cancelled order on me. Then refunds money and tells me that they don't use this Paypal anymore. ???? I'm instructed to Send to different Paypal and don't put anything in notes! NO THANKS! 	0
"Seller cancelled my order over not having, Positive Feedback. Declined to sell it to me. This was literally my first time using the app and overall a bad experience. "	0
"Seller ArtBlue2007 accepted my return, however after stating in an e-mail that I would be charged $16+$6.80 shipping, I was actually charged $23+$6.80 return shipping."	0
Seller are horrible. I dont recommendation all. 	0
"seller  rated product good,product was poor.I junked it in the trash"	0
"seller  jumps the gun as saying product is functional without testing. this is the second product from this seller ,they're still sitting here as I have no use for them"	0
sehr genaue Beschreibung guter Zustand einfach Top geschäfte mit Ihnnen zu machen                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      .	1
"Segun la descripcion del telefono decia uso moderado,pero el telefono que me envio estaba con mucho uso rayones abolladuras en las esquinas malo no carga "	0
Seems to not stayed charged for a longe time...maybe it's me...but I do not use it a lot.	1
Seems nobody wanna help me to get my money back . Im so mad for this service in ebay. Well im still waiting 	0
"Seems like a good unit,wife should get a lot of use out of it"	1
Seems like a good phone but never used the one i have. There is no 4g with sprint near me so i have no use for it/	1
"Seems good quality and well equipped with a small footprint.  A little bit different than Samsung, does not operate quite as close to an iphone.    Took a little learning, but working well now."	1
"See the pictures for the phone that was described as excellent condition.  Chips in the body around all edges, scratches on the screen, scratches on the camera, colour distortion on the chrome embellishments.  Shameful and disgusting  There is also a description that the package includes a headset, yet none arrived.  Disingenuous"	0
"Secure, fast, and good battery life. "	1
Search youtube for clone Note 9 - You may be getting RIPPED OFF! 	0
Se los recomiendo 	1
Se it to DR as. gift my uncle said it died withing minutes oF use. No wonder why so cheap. I throw it away. Smh they should not sell poor quality items	0
"SCREEN WENT BLACK AFTER 2 WEEKS,  BATTERY SEEMED TO DRAIN TOO FAST, "	0
Screen wasnt working properly. It didnt respond to touch and I had to replace it a few days after receiving... some frame damage that was noted in the ad. Battery life seems good so far.	0
"Screen was cracked, didn't say anything about it being cracked or was shown to be cracked but was spiderwebbed over entire screen, sent message to seller and never heard from them. "	0
Screen was cracked not scratched	0
"Screen scratch up and very slow battery dies fast I'm not happy at,all"	0
Screen malfunction	0
"Screen is too fragile. I dropped my phone in my truck, it hit the plastic floor mat and shattered. This was the 2nd phone and the 1st did the same thing."	0
screen is 70% gray color 30 wait battery after whole night charging work only around 40 min loudspeaker and mic. not work well camera deformed when you talk in live chat 	0
Screen has defect where there is a light showing at the above left hand corner. The battery life of the iPhone is at 51% which means it only will charge for half the time. It will not be fully charged. This iPhone is defective and not in proper working condition or described so therefore the value of the auction should of been for as-Is or for parts. I will have to get the battery replaced before I can properly use the iPhone. The screen was not replaced properly as described in description of the sale. I do not recommend business with the seller. If he gives me a bad review as a buyer it is because he does not agree with my review. He was paid in full.	0
"Screen has a small crack and I've never even dropped it.   Battery last about 4 hours, and freezes up constantly. "	0
Screen had a white spot that wouldnt go away no matter what we tried including what the seller suggested. It was like a white burn mark. ...Still waiting for my refund.	0
Screen goes blank constantly. Can't use it at all. Waste of money. 	0
"Screen freezes up all the time. Touch reacts when your finger is an inch away , typing is a nightmare. No way to adjust touch found even following googled site instructions."	0
"Screen doesnt work, of coarse I should of read better, but it doesnt work, it shud of went in the trash not on ebay"	0
Scratched like no other back was so warm and dented	0
"Scratched everywhere  i dont have a charger yet so cant tell if the cell works at all since the battery is dead or don work at all not satisfied and the head phone jack cover fell off as soon as i touched it , im just waiting for the charger and a extra battery a order and  i see what ill do next i guess, just received it the (OK)key doesnt work battery is weak and to top off the direct talk feature is not available something a seller should mention unless the purpose of the phone is for collection only which in my case s not .. i do not reccommend this phone of youre looking to use it for direct talk not direct connect, dirct talk is a off network connection which allows individual to use certain nextel models as 2 way radios with range according to nextel of 6 miles but for me it worked for a range of 2 miles"	0
Schnelle Lieferung	1
SCAM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	0
scam seller.  sends wrong items and defective	0
"Scam never received my item,  no resolution at all horrible customer service.  Seller doesn't work with u.  Never got my item.  "	0
Scam - lost $560	0
sbesides the payment could never be claimed afe for the customer or were not garanty by ebay                                                         not be	0
Says some signs of use. But the one I received showed heavy signs. Deep noticeable scratches on screen and around back camera	0
Says new but seems used freezes at anytime and won't allow me to send or receive pictures over 0 stars I didn't save the packaging so that's why I didn't send it back 	0
"say goodluck with your money with this clone,.. i bought a clone note 9 when i went in the philippines and its more cheaper only cost me $200 something and yup you will get almost the same looks, but the performance?? lol everything is not in here camera specially and get ready for a very slow internet connection"	0
"Saw some dings on photos and this phone is immaculate. Seller also had great communication, would happily purchase from them again.  "	1
"Saves a lot of money getting a new one. Phone looks new, works absolutely well, and timely delivery. A good deal"	1
Save your money. The battery life is terrible. It is not a user friendly phone. I have downloaded some games but trying to play them is another story by itself. I wish I had my old flip phone back. I will definitely look for something else. Worst phone I have ever owned. Battery life is horrible. I purchased a new linger life battery and can't get more then 1/2 a day before I have to charge again. My old flip phone I charged about once a week. So much junk on here I don't need or want. Forget all the bells and whistles and just make a good phone instead.	0
"Save your money,these phones have more defects than they describe ,for $139 I could have bought something else brand new."	0
Save your money 	0
"satisfaction guarantee,this phone is great ,it 's very clean."	1
"Samsung would not repair, I bought garbage."	0
"Samsung rushed this to market to cover up their S7 Note fiasco.  This product is not even now ready.  With each new release they screw something else up.  This product is now, by a far margin, the absolute worst product i have ever had the misfortune to own. I bought this because my S5 died.  It was a good phone.  Buy something else, but not this!!"	0
Samsung note 5 amazing worth every penny	1
Samsung is more better than Apple iphones 	1
"Samsung is good, THE SELLER WAS A NIGHTMARE"	0
"Samsung Galaxy S5 At&t 900A branded / gsm unlocked for all domestic and international networks.  I bought it new after 35 days screen goes off you can't see any think, Also too much noise while you talking it suppose to be new otherwise i don't have to try to fix it after 34 days. I think parts are not original."	0
"Samsung checked it seems to be a counterfeit clone, not OEM Samsung.  Battery physically just falls out of housing not a Samsung phone also has a very old version build 4.1.1 and doesn't allow for an update or updates option should be 6.1 or higher.  Basically this item is crap not new, found it was gone through or built in 2018.  Samsung stopped building the note 4 years ago started in 2014 to 2016 built until 2015. Then the note 5 replaced. The clone has many issues poor battery, very sluggish, not possible to get Samsung system upgrades.  Very slow charging and bootloop issues and very poor battery life. Battery may be fake also.  Returning the one I got, very disappointed, too good to be true, plays true here.  Waist of time and effort,  white galaxy note 4 around $229. Advertising is fraudulent. Oh these freeze to black screen and can't recover your data or close your accounts. "	0
"Samsung and att both confirm ""new"" phone has had a previous user and account. That account is unpaid and phone is locked. Not able to activate until balance paid. Only response from phonestoresusa is....""All phones are bought from Samsung new, there must be a mistake. You can return if you like."" Misleading ads for new phones, but providing very pretty and well disguised remanufactured/used phones."	0
Samsung 6 came new in box. Wouldn't charge on a cord. Had to buy a charging pad to get it to work. When fully charged it discharged quickly.	0
same as photo Excellent  	1
"Saludos. Compre el articulo por que lo vi en perfectas condiciones en cuanto a su estado y su precio pero, lo que no me ha gustado es que aun no he recibido respuesta del envío del producto. así que por favor necesito que me envíen el celular o me devuelvan mi dinero o estaré muy disgustado por este tipo de situación. bajo las condiciones en que me encuentro no lo recomendatoria a un amigo."	0
Salió dañado y el vendedor no quiso ser responsable con la compra	0
"sale says it's new, but its not. its refurbished. "	0
"Said it was Verizon but it was Trac Fone. Could not use. Was able to give it to someone who could use it, but be careful when buying. FWIW, if a SIM card from another carrier is put in a phone, that carrier will appear in the phone settings. Buyer beware. "	0
"Said it was new and it does not even have accessories,  very disappointed"	0
"Said in description that it was compatible with Verizon, but when I tried to activate it with Verizon they said it was not compatible. Need to return it."	0
Sadly all of the sensors are not working. Wipe Cache and reset doesn't help.	0
s that original iphone. Evething is wotking.  hope there is no any problem . Can you tell me all 	0
"RUN, DO NOT WALK AWAY FROM THIS PHONE! Absolutely THE WORST cellphone I have ever owned. Period. Not that my phone was broken - it is just terribly designed. Do not just ignore this review as an isolated bad experience! There are nearly infinite alternatives to this horrible phone - do your self a favor and use anything else.  - Awkward keyboard.   - Ugly, clunky software.   - Laughably short battery life.   - THE TOUCHSCREEN! The touchscreen on this &quot;phone&quot; (not to insult phones or anything) is CONTINUALLY activated while inside your pocket, as are the volume and other buttons! It butt-dials people multiple times a day, adds new contacts, DELETES EXISTING CONTACTS, sends gibberish texts to random people, and who knows what else... I missed 8 CALLS IN A ROW TODAY because the phone had turned itself to silent while in my pocket.  - My rage at this phone knows no bounds."	0
"Run away! This is a horrible phone. I&apos;m having the same problems with the phone powering itself down. The fast tap makes texting so easy for me, but the phone will actually restart WHILE in in the middle of a text. It&apos;s horribly inconvenient. You can also not use customized ringtones for Text alert tones. For text alerts, you can only use the 5 hardcoded sounds. I feel like I wasted the $250 on this phone."	0
Rugged functional and easy to understand	1
Rückruf aller dieser Geräte durch Samsung. Weiterverkauf dieses Gerätes macht sich Strafbar. 	0
RIP-OFF Did not receive item. what was I thinking about the price to good to true. Please do not buy from the guy or maybe a woman.	0
Ring volume too low you can hardly hear when phone is ringing and voice breaking too. My calls are not clear when on both outgoing and incoming calls.	0
Right when I got the phone it wouldn't turn on it would only show the dead battery sign and even when I tried to charge it for over a day it would turn on	0
"Right off the bat, phone looked nice. Turned it on, the phone was fried. Kept resetting &amp; turning on &amp; off. Couldn&apos;t use it at all. I would turn it on &amp; after about 30 seconds it shut off &amp; turn back on &amp; none of the keys would work. Absolute piece of crap. The phones are NOT new. The guy gets them from some 2nd rate business in bulk. Also, doesn&apos;t test them to make sure that they turn on &amp; work for at least 5 minutes. The only thing nice about the phone was that it looked really nice, but nothing about it was new. If you bought this phone, you have been lied to. Congrats if yours works...    I would not be surprised if this comment got deleted..."	0
Right now the best Cell Phone in the market is Samsung Galaxy S4 16GB there is several color to choose from but the most picked up is the White Color for that reason you will see on eBay the used White S 4 is too much on demand and you will notice the price is higher than the other ones.	1
right after I won it and was going to pay for it she sent me a message saying it broke and then 20  min later she had the same phone on ebay for sale for a higher price.	0
Returned. Defective.	0
Returned the phone. Sound not clear. 	0
returned it to seller.	0
"responsive seller, immediately contacted me, very positive feedback"	1
"Required constant updating, frequent operating system failures, and roaming.. "	0
"required a phone to fit car kit, and it does the job!                                                                                                                                                                        ."	1
request the imei or series of the iphone 7 plus to buy or invoice and did not ever give me the phone was not delivered to me	0
"Replacement parts and service on phone is zero . You get email on how you going to get replacement parts , with tracking numbers that are no good . No phone Number too call and get info from .      And when I had problems with the external speaker not working no help there .   "	0
"Replaced screen,  phone worked like a charm, looks brand new, activated with T Mobile   flawlessly"	1
"Replaced a Samsung Battery EATING Galaxzy S5 with this phone & wish I would have made the switch yrs ago, ATT software issues because of being an unlocked phone that I was unaware of. So I guess I'll never receive an update because of NOT being an ATT branded phone! Spent many hours online chat with Huawei to find this out, then spent many more hours at ATT store & online with chat, was PROMISED an update to phone with in 24 hours but unfortunately that NEVER HAPPENED? So biggest issue I have with this phone & another Huawei Mate 9 is that VIDEO can NOT be sent using MMS! Some other minor issues that I have been able to solve using apps from play store."	1
"Remember that it's used and at least in my case, the phone doesn't charge. I already ordered a replacement charging port to fix the issue. If you don't have the technical knowledge, remember to take repair cost into account before purchasing. The phone itself is amazing, Have been a loyal customer for HTC since their first One X. This unit is to replace another one M8 that died on me after 2 solid years of use."	1
"Remeber the Sanyo 4920? That phone was tough as heck. This phone is the same and even better! It has rubber sides all over it making it almost indestructible. It has one of the best reception phones Sprint offers.     However, it does lack EVDO and a camera. But depending on your needs, you might think this phone is prefect for you.     Pros: High battery life, good protected screen, and fast charging.    Cons: A little bulky, and speaker phone isn&apos;t the best"	1
Reliable seller. I got the package faster than the projected date. Thank you. Looking forward to doing business with you soon.	1
"Relative lack of bloatware and easy automatic update to Android6.  Painless connection to my carrier, wifi and bluetooth.  Strong reception.  Clear sound on handset, speaker and bluetooth.  Touch sensitivity is smooth and responsive.  Apps install easily. (My only ""complaint"" is lack of an integrated MP3 player, but there are lots of apps for that).  Battery life is excellent. Charges quickly.  I strongly suggest this 16GB model over the 8GB for capacity and speed.  Solid, sleek build.  Water-resistant.  Probably the best value I've ever seen in a phone.  "	1
Regrettable purchase 	0
"refunded before it came, wonderful company didnt have a items with the return."	0
Recommend the phone to anyone with budget conscious.  Good phone.  User friendly.  Battery is not as long as I like but it&apos;s not bad.  Ringtone is a bit low but that is happened to all the new smartphones these days. Q-werty board is helpful when texting.	1
Recommend Seller	1
Recomiendo el vendedor. Todos los descripciones corectos. El estado del teléfono Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge es sin imperfecciones visibles. Tampoco he encontrado errores de funcionamiento. 	1
"Recomendado, equipo nuevo en caja, perfectas condiciones y envio rapido. Compra segura, persona muy responsable."	1
Recomend all ebay person...	1
Recomend ! Very Nice Product !	1
Recieved wrong phone and was a completely different phone carrier..seller is not responding to my messages..horrible customer service	0
Recibido como estaba detallado. Gracias!!	1
Reception is perfect and small size makes it easy to take with me. The screen is nice for viewing photos. The interesting sideways camera works out well and makes taking pictures more natural.	1
"Recently purchased this phone so that it would work with new hardware that I have. Phone is compact yet has all the features I need, plus a long battery life. The fact that it is an unlocked phone so that I can use it with any service, helps tremendously. Delivery was fast. Would definitely order again. Thank you."	1
"Recently purchased a red T1 and have confirmed at least one Chinese manufacturer has included several US lte bandwidths. Phone is an incredible value, with only slight weakness in the camera area, but I'm not a camera centric buyer.  It's setup is just fine for taking an occasional shot... But i won't be filming any utube videos on it...  Again, if your looking for a very decent inexpensive smart phone with good specs and reasonable looks. . Look no further."	1
"recently i received a telephone from seller, but does not work, comes with two dead batteries, a wall charger not know if it works and a usb cable, does not bring the manual and specifications of the item if you itemize. Now I do not know what to do because not it works and the seller does not answer my messages."	0
recently bought this phone it says its unlocked but wont work with my carrier and having a hard time getting seller to refund	0
RECEIVED TODAY   SEE THE PICTURES  SHAME SELLER  PAYPAL FRAUD CASE OPEN	0
"Received this phone from the supplier and it did not work from the start.  Charged it to 100% and it powered on but would not go past the charge indicator screen and would just briefly show an image of a full charged battery and then black screen and flicker between the two screens.  'Boot Loop' is what it's called for tablets and such so that is what I'll call it here.  Looked like a great phone, it just never worked properly.  Factory Refurbished version, a NIB would probably work fine."	0
"Received this phone for only a couple of days, haven't yet thoroughly evaluated every function of the phone. But its battery life is a joke! Fully charged it last night around 11pm. This morning when I woke up at 7am, the battery had only 12% left! All settings are original (i.e., factory setting). So even on standby it won't be able to last 10 hours, let alone the 20 days the manufacturer claims, unless the battery is not new or not an OEM. May have to return it."	0
Received the phone late was not 2 day shipping and upon opening the phone the screen had a hair line crack on it and Both speakers on the phone did not work correctly and the back of the phone was beat up pretty good the description before ordering said everything worked correctly in which it did not I do not recommend them and I think eBay should do something about them selling falsified products 	0
Received the phone in the mail. Battery was dead so I plugged it in. A few minutes later I heard a crackling noise coming from the phone and noticed the back of the phone was expanding. It popped open because the battery had swelled simply from charging it. Didn't even get to turn the phone on.	0
"Received the phone in new condition, works perfectly. Very happy with the S5, and the price was great. Fast shipping too. "	1
Received the phone in a very excellent condition. Good correspondend with the seller.Seller answered Emails very quick. I would recommend to other people.	1
"Received the phone an it wouldn't power on, so I sent it back and received a refund."	0
"Received the package very quickly. The condition was as advertised (excellent). Even though it appears phone was for Verizon service, I was able to remove all Verizon apps and activate it for Project Fi. I have had no issues with this device. I like minimalist Google UI. Great sound from the dual forward facing speakers. The bazel does not both me. The camera is fantastic."	1
Received the package quickly. I got a gently used cellphone for a great price. Can't complain. Thanks!  .  	1
Received quickly. It was as expected just paint damage but works perfectly right out of the box. I even received a charging cord which I did not expect.	1
Received quickly looks and fells new great deal 	1
"Received product, the packaging was unprofessional, and the phone has so many chips and look really worn out. The charger was OEM and it takes hours to charge. I wouldn't recommend anyone to buy from this vendor."	0
"Received product as described, and great condition. Great value and wonderful customer service"	1
Received phones fast and  in pristine condition.  Very happy with purchase.  	1
"Received phone with defective battery. Could have sent back to seller but needed phone desperately,went to RadioShack and spent another $50 on new battery, on top of $125 I paid seller for phone."	0
received phone today and this phone is not new! screen is scratched and the back is ruffed up looking at the frame of the phone it appears to have been dropped a couple of times not worth my 79.00 this phone is not new and  clearly used and abused!	0
"Received phone sooner than promised. Contents received were as advertised. No problem getting service established with carrier once I received the sim card. The only annoying feature is that since this is a Verizon phone it has Verizon apps that cannot be removed. I disable them but that only lasts until the next reboot. Overall, satisfied with the phone and the seller."	1
Received phone on 1/28/11.plugged up to wall no power checked battery tape covered the contacts so cleaned the tape off the contacts still no power.Considering sending it back for a refund.Contacting seller.	0
"Received phone and set it up, but when I used the camera a few days later I noticed spots that are in the lens somewhere. I contacted seller and included pics showing spots. He won't discount for the spots because if I want a usable camera I am going to have to do some work."	0
Received package and timely manner. Product in good condition. Charged it &holdg charge  and seems to be working properly. Need to have phone company set it up and verify it loads up properly. Then I will issue feedback.	1
"RECEIVED ON TIME............MADE GOOD DEAL. PHONE USED FOR REPLACE PART FOR MY OTHER CELL, FOUND WHAT  I&apos;WAS LOOKING FOR, LUCKY TO FIND PART, TO KEEP USING MY OLD PHONE."	1
"Received my phone quickly and seller even threw in some extras for free! Had some issues activating the phone (my fault, not sellers.) and contacted the seller who promptly kept in contact until the phone was in service with my carrier. Buy without worry!  Great seller! "	1
Received my order in about three days after I bought it. It came with a bundle deal charger and earbuds the earbuds didnt work. But overall I give this Seller an A++++++++++++ this phone is defective and I cant send it back due to me needing a phone for work. I have to save up some more money and buy a new phone. This phone screen has been jumping around and just dialing and texting people. It literally takes about six hours to charge all the way up. Smh Im so disappointed 	0
"Received my IPhone 7 I won from seller today. Went to activate it and the IMEI on the phone doesn't match the one on the box. Turns out the phone is stolen and black listed. Seller is untrustworthy, avoid!"	0
Received item super fast! Item was exactly how described!! Thank You	1
Received item and it will not charge through the charging port on phone. Tried 3 Samsung chargers. Phone works when battery is charged using another Prime phone. Message seller but no response.    	0
Received IphoneSE but it did not look like an excellent good acceptable condition for the amount that was charged for phone. IphoneSE after being charged lasted for 2 days and cut itself off. We repeatedly tried to charge phone but it would not come back on. We used Ebay to return phone to seller for a full refund which we are waiting to receive from seller. 	0
Received box with charger and cable but without mobile	0
Received as described.	1
"received a used phone with no box and manual, i tried to put the sim card but it didn't work"	0
Received a device that didnt quite live up to expectations. Seller responded promptly with a promise of a prepaid label. Definitely would buy again... just maybe not THIS specific item.	1
"Received a bad phone, Bluetooth dead, cant find any speakers or headphones and the worst thing battery will jump from 100% fully charged to 10 and then turn off, had to pay for new battery! Worst phone received in eBay "	0
"receive my phone and it looked good right out of the box. I bought a cell phone case and screen protector before I even used it. used it for about 20 days (did not use it from day one). features were good, adequate speed, battery life was not as good as advertised. then the phone started having a small purple blotch then later spread to the whole screen. it is now totally unusuable. buyer beware of seller qualitycellz"	0
reccomended buy!	1
Recalled fire-prone device.	0
Rec one day early...also working great so far...ty	1
Reasonably priced basic Android phone. Exactly what I was looking for price wise for my teenage son. The phone is user-friendly however the battery does not lgsst the whole day.	1
realy it great phonne fast delevery God bless the saller   i broid by this phonne every thing new .  i hve a lot to write about this phonne it is very good	1
Really?! $2000???	0
"Really this is the best sony. Designer beautiful, easy to use, my friends died of envy. I recommend everyone who wants to buy and were in doubt."	1
"Really sexy phone. Number keys are a little small, but it makes the phone look way cooler. The phone also has a couple of built in lights to use in the dark which is pretty cool. I wish the battery life was a little better though. If you get a usb charger data cable you can transfer mp3s from your computer. Pretty neat phone for its size, wish they still made them."	1
"Really responsive and fast, works great on my T-Mobile network, able to get 3G data and internet speed is fast"	1
Really recommend great quality and awesome product highly recommend 	1
Really nice phone.    1) It looks nicer   2) has a normal ear phone jack  3) Slightly larger screen (by a hair)  4) Wider keyboard keys  5) Half the price of the original at launch ($300)    big qwerty keyboard and very easy to use.....as compared to texting o the iphone and I love the ultimate inbox	1
"Really love this phone! Camara can use a little help but overall i love it. I used to own a galaxy s3  , i did the change and this blu stidio works perfect it has almost all the features that the galaxy has peefect screen !"	1
Really interested in the wifi and select apps for home automation control. Works great and a great price	1
"really helpfull support, very pleased,  really helpfull support, very pleased,  really helpfull support, very pleased"	1
Really happy with the phone.  Great seller	1
"Really GREAT phone. Very quick, two days battery, stilish, thin and incredibly light weight!!!    Recomend it 100%"	1
Really good seller 	1
Really good phone. It is flashy and cool- reminds me of the ENV series or a DS. superb phone. one of my gfs owned this phone for a short time and loved it. you will too A+++	1
Really good phone for cheap. Would highly recommend. Plus you can beat it's gonna get Android Nugout! 	1
Really good cell phone	1
Really enjoy the phone. Got it for my fiance for Christmas and he just loves the phone. The battery lasts long and is quick to charge.	1
Really cool phone!	1
Really an awesome phone. Much to learn about it. Easy to use....I was a user of an older Android device. Like all the upgrades on Froyo.	1
Really $ 35.00 to mail a iPhone within Canada  See where you are trying to make your money 	0
"Real quick deliver, item as described and very communicative "	1
Ready to use it.	1
Ready to go right out of box.  Everything it said it was. Thanks	1
Read the reviews for this phone on CNET where reviewers aren&apos;t trying to sell this phone to you.  Fry&apos;s Electronics has this phone on sale for $130 brand new so I would definitely not pay more than that for this unit.	0
"READ CAREFULLY   Check out similar items with same price and look at their feedback and followers as well as member since?alot of these types will be same month days and year be very cautious,check names of the follwers they may give themselves away..SCAMMER BUYER BEWARE!!!!today 11-29-2016 last estimated day of arrival still no response from seller!poor  work  ethics!!!"	0
"Read a lot of reviews from users before buying this product to my girl. No regret!!! Excellent product! Interface as fluent as Iphone 6 and the best is the fingerprint touch ID which is the most accurate among current smartphones in the market!! Unlock phone within second and doesn&apos;t even need to light up the screen first! Cool!! Camere is also capture good quility picture. Fast focus, nice image!"	1
Rather have Note 4 SD card and you can take the battery out.	1
Rapport qualité prix excellent et design parfait --	1
Rapidez buena comunicación  que más podría pedir un comprador  al vendedor gracias estoy satisfecho  gracias	1
"Rapid delivery, reasonable price, accurate item, works perfectly."	1
qwerty but slow n limited 	0
Quit working in a few days All my info was on it so i did not send back. Pay pal reimbursed me the full amount	0
quit working all together quit at 8 pm july 3 wont do nothing . and did not enuf signel strink to good.	0
quit working after 1 month.	0
QUIERO DEVOLUCIÓN DEL DINERO CONTACTE CONMIGO EL PAQUETE NO ME LLEGO.... SE ENVIO A ITALIA NO A VENEZUELA	0
quiero cancelar mi compra  el vendedor no me brinda la informacion que necesito.  como por ejemplo si es liberado el equipo y si es cuatribanda  para poder usarlo en mi pais	0
quiero cancelar mi compra  el vendedor no me brinda la informacion que necesito.  como por ejemplo si es liberado el equipo y si es cuatribanda  para poder usarlo en mi pais	0
"Quick, kind, and easy. Great seller! "	1
Quick shipping. Great condition	1
"Quick shipping, new phone,  excellent experience!"	1
"Quick shipping , great seller! "	1
"Quick shipment, good condition."	1
Quick responses quick shipping everything awesome	1
"Quick response, made sure everything was shipped promtly. Very easy transaction would definitely buy items again. "	1
"Quick delivery, nice phone, wife loves the color, holds charge and charges fast"	1
Quick delivery and works great once my son repaired it. 	1
"Quick and seller described exactly what I got. No issues here, in fact bought another!!! "	1
"Quick and responsive !!  Large and certainly not a ""pocket"" phone.  Screen is bright and vivid and camera is great !!"	1
Quick and easy transaction. Very good phone no problems whatsoever. Very happy with my purchase 	1
"questo cazzo di venditore e un bugiardo, il telefono non e nuovo  uno ricondizionato !  this shit fuck and a liar, the phone is not new and refurbished  ! happy or not, nothing has to do with it now I bought the phone and I have no time to lose tu sei un venditore bugiardo. il telefono non e nuovo. write in the description that it is a refurbished phone."	0
Quality of goods not at height. Only feature low price.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------	0
Quality cells on eBay is a rip off	0
"Quadro core 1,5 Ghz, Adreno 320, 2 Gb RAM, Corning Gorilla Glass 2 (front and back), average Antutu benchmark result is 17000, 318 dpi, stylish (especially due to the back panel), 4,7 inch display, 8 Mpx camera (1,3 Mpx front camera), latest Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean, lowest price amongst all other phones with same characteristics - those are the features I bought this smartphone for"	1
Put sims card in and phone want read card 	0
"Put my 1st one thru hell, now I don't work construction anymore and it should last forever. (great flip-phone).....my backup phone. (note....charger not included)"	1
Purchased used for new account with Consumer Cellular as this used to be their in-house brand. Price was low/good compared to new.  Set up by Target was great with account and no problems with use.  Friendly interface so far.	1
"Purchased this set for casual use. I was surprised at the quality of this set. The  seller has a great price, quick delivery, and packed well. Without a doubt, I would buy this set again."	1
"Purchased this phone, went to activate at Sprint and was told it is still owned and part of a lease by someone else. I cannot activate this phone. "	0
"Purchased this phone under the idea it was a new phone, since it was listed as such. Wanted a temporary upgrade from my Note 3 till the Note 8 drops. What I received was a literal joke. Immediately noticed excessive wear around the charging port upon opening the already opened box. Not that big a deal, proceeded to swap my sim card in and transfer service.   First white screen I was on I noticed the keyboard and multiple other things burned very clearly into the screen. And a small portion of the picture on the top of the screen is distorted on top of the fact it seems the antenna may be worn out a bit, as not once during the entire day I ran it did it get more then three bars in an area with excellent service. While trying to launch the ebay app to message the sellers the phone randomly reset on me. Did this about 3 or 4 more times before I managed to get the app opened. Took them a little over a day to even respond and when they did gave me a very vague response with little to no instructions on what they were going to do.  They ended up claiming it was a mistake but didnt go any further into detail. Eventually ended up sending me a return label and Im still waiting to hear back as to whether Im actually getting a refund or a properly ""new"" phone sent to me. Anyone looking to b"	0
"Purchased this phone for my teenager and I am very satisfied so far. Start up went off with out a hitch, works well."	1
Purchased this phone for my son to replace his broken Razor. The SLVR L7 is a quality phone with good features.  We live in a rural area and the coverage is great! MP3 and Push to Talk features are very easy to use. He hasn&apos;t had any problems at all and is very pleased with the phone.	1
Purchased this phone for my great uncle whos flip phone finally stopped working. I has simple functions and as a phone it does its job. The ultra mobil service works just as well. The all in price of less than 300 for a phone and a complete year of service is economical. 	1
"Purchased this phone expecting a very used unit.. but was pleasantly surprised that this phone looks and works like new!  The battery charged fine and is holding a charge as if its' also new.  So, I am VERY pleased with this phone."	1
Purchased this phone advertised as Virgin Mobile.  Virgin Mobile says it isn't. Have phone number to call and it says no waiting.  Yet four calls later all I get is an answering machine.  Left message.  The sim card in it says Sprint.  When try to active online it says activation is BoostMobile.  As of this writing I have received no call back from them	0
"Purchased this phone about a week ago. A brand new one.  The phone itself is fine, but the battery won&apos;t hold a charge.  It won&apos;t even last a half day.  It&apos;s kind of funny, the person that I bought it from is no longer on here."	0
"Purchased this for our daughter.  It worked on and and off as soon as she received it.  She would have data and then she would not.  we called AT&T and went to the trouble shooting office she had to restart the phone several time and put her information back in her phone which is a lengthy process each time.  Final At&t process was to wipe the whole phone clean as it was showing it was crashing.   It did not work.  Again, she would sporadically have DATA and then not.     So, after all this..... we made ONE call to this company for help.  My husband and daughter were on speaker phone together as my daughter needed his help while making the call.  She is young.  The young man seemed a little annoyed while taking the call and stated curtly that he could not handle this with both of them talking.  He hurried them off the phone with some instructions for her to do (which she did and did not help at all).    After attempting all these fixes with no avail, we decided to get new phone...which the customer service of this company said they did not have any and to just go into website and open return request..... we contacted AT&T as there was warranty on this phone still they quickly and efficiently opened up a return request over the phone, advised that they would send new phone no char"	0
Purchased this for my father who insists on having a flip phone. Works really well for him and is easy to use.The size is good for him and battery life is good	1
Purchased this for my daughter since she broke hers. The product was exactly as described and at a great price.	1
"Purchased this device for the good price; however, don't be fooled. The speaker did not work sounds very muffled so I contacted seller and all he/she said take it to the apple store! Ugh no I just purchased this there should be no reason for an issue like this! PLEASE DO NOT BUY PRODUCTS FROM THIS SELLER!!! Go elsewhere as you will get no help here."	0
"Purchased this a few weeks ago and initially I couldn't use it because my current SIM card didn't fit in it.  I bought a SIM adapter and activated the phone.  Next day I went on a short vacation and the phone gave me nothing but trouble from that point forward.  Drops service, misses calls and texts and is completely unreliable junk!"	0
Purchased the phone for my great grandparent the phone is complicated to use have to press 3-4 buttons just to make a call	0
"Purchased Nokia 2705 for my spouse.  Phone is very small but nice looking.  Reception is modest and able to connect with bluetooth device with ease.  Phone worked well for about 1.5 weeks.  Problems with spouse not being to hear me and constant &quot;hellos&quot; with no response.  Phone would not pick up, dropped calls in otherwise close to Verizon tower areas my previous razor phone had no problems with.  Calls went directly to voicemail sometimes.  Many problems and my spouse wants to replace it.  Seller will not respond to my attempts to contact!  I am stuck with a stupid phone that only works sometimes.  I would not recommend this phone!"	0
Purchased new open box moto g3 for husband.  Condition of phone was as described by seller.  Phone arrived very fast.  Very happy with this purchase.	1
"Purchased Item but Had to cancel purchase,said they were sorry it was not in stock but yet had it listed.So I never got item,but was refunded money."	0
Purchased item and marked as shipped till this day I have not received  the item	0
"Purchased from Soonersoft electronics. Had a delivery issue where USPS was showing it delivered to a different zip code than mine and the receiver reported it not received so contacted seller and ebay. ebay said open a item not rcd case even tho I was only trying to find out WHO and WHERE it had been delivered to. Got the impression Soonersoft, who I've bought multiple items from before, thought I was scamming them.  Provided ebay feedback which was removed because they closed the case once soonersoft providing tracking showing it was delivered, but again, not to WHO or WHERE.  Had an issue with the phone touch screen so contacted Soonersoft under their 30 day policy and they said they would send a message thru Ebay....that was a WEEK ago.  Actually paid more from this seller because of previous good experience but I guess if you have any issues with the product their tune changes."	0
"Purchased for my wife, who was anti-Apple and preferred her Blackberry.  Her greatest challenge was adapting to touchscreen keys vs Blackberry QWERTY keyboard.  But after playing games, sending text and emails with my iPhone 4, she wanted one too.  Now, she wants to use it to train for her marathons!  The white color is a long awaited feature, which she loves..."	1
Purchased a unscanned tracfone. Thought i was getting a good deal. Wrong//. I am a senior & thought it would be a good phone. Didn't know i was being duped. Cannot add minutes to phone because it was stollen. I contacted seller 4 times & got no response. I got scammed & hope others do not purchase from this seller. Bad bad bad.  How can ebay let these people sell unscanned items when they know they cannot be used?	0
"Purchased a product that was listed as brand new. When I received it I couldnt even activate it because Verizon ran the IMEI and informed me the phone was still active on someone elses account. I was also informed that the screen had been replaced and the device had been refurbished. A complete rip off, thanks to Ebay buyer protection i was able to get my money back"	0
"Purchased a new phone here. Nothing like the quality and features of the previous samsung convoy 2. Strain to hear with volume maxed out. On speaker mode it has a raspy static sound, almost unintelliglbe. Battery life on standby drains to almost zero in 10  to 12 hours.Navigation features are clumsy even to get to get to the call log. Will not connect  automaticcly to bluetooth on your atuto without requiring three successive key strokes fby the user.  Functionally unusable in my opinion.  "	0
"Purchased a new in box phone. Received it and went to activate it and after calling Tracfone I was told the technology for this model is being  phased out. It wasn't the seller's fault. He didn't know. Too bad...this phone was very compact and used to be a favorite of mine. Tracfone ended up replacing it for free with a 441g flip.  Mike Neenah, WI"	0
Purchased a cell phone and the product was as advertised-even a little better than expected. There were no hidden anything and the shipping was prompt.     Would not hesitate dealing with this person again.	1
"Purchased 3 of these, and the next day ebay informed me the order had been cancelled due to fraudulent behaviour on the sellers account, and to add insult to injury, paypal took nearly 3 weeks to refund my cash... What a palaver"	0
Purchase an iPhone 6 from this seller waited the six days for the bid won the item for $100 waited over the weekend for the item to be shipped message to seller on Monday to see when the item would be shipped she told me that the label was created on Monday 22 and told me the item would be shipped the following day which would be the 23rd waited till the 24th check the tracking information it showed it did not even arrive at the post office so I sent the seller today a message wondering why the item was not shipped yet was not happy about it she said I was being rude cancelled the item for no reason told eBay that the item was damaged during shipping when it was already in the mailbox how could the idle be damaged if it was already packaged up in in the mailbox this person is a complete liar cancel the transaction and refund me my money with no explanation to me waited over a week and a half for this item for nothing very unhappy with this cell it would not buy from her ever again and I just noticed that eBay took the listing off thank God for the eBay team in reporting the seller so she does not do it to anyone else just goes to show you don't lie on eBay people will report you relisted the phone the following day and I found it and reported it 	0
Puhelimesta puuttui suomen kieli siitä ---	0
"Protected against water and dust compact smartphone on the Android operating system with modern features: a fast processor, high resolution screen."	1
"Pros: Smooth, Fast, Great Messaging, Overall Perfect    Cons: A tiny bit hard to use the turn on button"	1
"PROS: Several models back, there's no need to spend more than $250 on this, or contract for it, or insure it. Battery life is amazing! Still lightweight, with a beautiful screen. Phone calls (gasp! people still use a mobile phone for such?) are clear, and the phone doesn't get hot. Easy charge, easy learning curve when changing brand of phone.  CONS: The phone gets hot when streaming video (YouTube, Netflix, Amazon), but not so when streaming audio."	1
"pros: overall nice design and fairly easy to use, good pictures and quality. cons: if you wan a phone for apps this is not for that, very low internal memory can't update because of it and it runs very slow at times because of no updates. "	0
"Pros: -Mozilla's FirefoxOS.-It doesn't do anything for you, you have to actually do all -Decent specs -Nice desing -IPS panel -All communications you can imagine(4g, nfc, etc) -NO screen protector.- I think that not having something like gorilla glass is actually nice cause when you drop it doesn't break. And I really prefer by far a scratched phone that a broken phone(If you don't put your keys so often side-by-side with the phone, it  won't noticebly strach) Conts: -Again,FirefoxOS.- It doesn't have a lot of things(even copy&paste should be implemented by an external program) -Virgin mobile data doens't work pretty well, but this is a singularity(At&t's work just as expected) -None seems interested to upgrade/unlock system image to allow us either upgrade as much as we want or upgrade it to FxOS 2.5"	1
"PROS: I received item really quickly.  CONS: I cannot fully use this phone now because of battery problem. Item description said that they will provide the generic USB Cable and AC Adapter, but it isn't fully working. 1)AC Adapter broken. It's not connected to USB cable so I used my another AC Adapter. 2) USB Cable does not work. I keep charging the phone, but the battery doesn't charge. If I use my phone while charging, the battery is reduced. I'm very mad because I cannot use my phone well the even phone is great. I want to get another charging materials from them. I sent the message to them but I couldn't get the respond.   "	0
"Pros: Great screen quality. Great camera. Quick response. Helpful features on the phone. Easy to use, especially if you're used to Samsung galaxy phones.   Cons: my only cons are that it's harder to find good screen protectors because of the curved edge display and the text autocorrect is worse on this phone so far than my previous one. "	1
"Pros: Fits in my pocket, long battery life, spectacular resolution, useful amount of memory,   Cons: beveled edge took some getting used to; I kept accidentally selecting things I didn't intend; I resolved the issue when I purchased a cover that wrapped around the sides enough to preclude my accidentally touching the screen, I miss being able to replace my own battery--but I guess those days are long gone, Bixby button and interface--just plain annoying"	1
Pros: dual sim and dual stand-by (LTE + WCDMA) Cons: small RAM 2gb and internal memory 6gb 	1
"Pros: - loooooooooooooooooong lasting battery (went for 2 days skiing trip with below freezing temps, took some pics, exchanged some messages, surfed the net in the evening and got back with 50% battery, no charger needed) - global bands - full hd display (I don't need more in the 6"" cell phone and it saves battery) - freshly updated Android 8 - Leica camera - costs less than arm and leg (but still expensive if you ask me)  Cons: - Huawei does not sell genuine spare parts (and that's why I had to get this one in the first place as I cannot find genuine Mate 8 display) - it is probably my last Huawei phone as they decided to follow Samsung and Apple with the craziness of screen resolution and price - it is made in a communist country that does not respect human rights"	1
"Pros, none. Cons, stopped working after 32 days. Just outside the return time. How convenient. $450.00 paper weight."	0
Proof its refurbished according to the repair man: 1) The back cover came off very easily compared to new models 2) after opening he saw THE RED STICKER WHICH CLEARLY SHOWS ITS REFURBISHED.  3) THe back cover is also not original according to him.	0
Prompt shipment. Thank you!	1
Prompt service from business co.  Phone was cute but to much static and no one heard ne on the other end.	0
"Prompt responses,prompt shipment, excellent quality. Matched description. By far the best transaction and experience I have had online. Thank you"	1
"Promised to send a replacement brand new phone, and she even confirmed that with an email. Never received the phone or the money for the return. I returned the phone more than 2 weeks ago and I am still waiting for my money back "	0
"program with the screen random ghost touches, I will have to spend an extra 100 or so to fix"	0
Profuct arrived defective...... it wont stay on and the screen was lifted..... believed the battery was defective.	0
Professional and fair conflict resolution. Fast shipping. There was a little misunderstanding in the description but the seller made it right. Would definitely buy from this seller again.	1
"Produto não vem com caixa, veio com defeito,  A tecla estrela esta funcionado, não posso utilizar o celular, pois quando ele trava, tenho que esperar a bateria descarregar para usar novamente. o vendedor está ciênte, já avisei pelo WhatsApp. Mas ele não tomou providências. Não recomendo. "	0
Products were delivered on time and in excellent condition as promised 	1
"Producto según lo describe, vendedor, entrega rápida, vendedor bastante confiable."	1
Producto excelente 	1
Product wouldn't even cut on.	0
product worked for 3 weeks. so you can take it from there.  I will never buy from this site again unless they send me another phone.	0
"Product worked as promised, but the battery dies very quickly. Had to order a new battery to replace the old. "	0
"Product wasn't as listed. Lied, never buy from this seller"	0
Product was supposedly GSM unlocked. I received it locked and I had to unlock it myself. I do not recommend buying phones from this buyer. 	0
Product was supposed to be used only 5months and in almost new condition.speaker on phone did not work.corners of phone had good size scratches on them.Not what i expected.Sent back and got my money back.Except for the shipping and the hassle of having verizon activate then deactivate it.	0
"Product was recived quick and as described, exceeded my expectations in cosmetic look & I'm a happy buyer!."	1
"Product was ordered on Dec. 23rd 2018 was not shipped until Jan 8th was a gift for someone traveling overseas and he didnt get his gift in time before he left, seller kept lying about order being shipped when tracked only label was created USPS had not yet gotten the item worst seller on Ebay."	0
"Product was obviously not tested. Arrived in excellent condition, but it had problems as soon as it was turned on. The left side of the screen glitches, and has no display for a period of time before turning back on. The device has only been activated for 4 days."	0
"Product was not new, as indicated in the post and on top of that nothing works properly. Camera swithes off when I switched to video mode. The memory card was fried after 3 days.  The customer service was good and the replied in a timely manner, but they  were aware of the poor qaulity of their products because they even made the  mistake of telling me that people always complain about the charger not working too."	0
Product was not as described! Unfortunately I was away and couldn't check immediately it got delivered. Seller wasn't honest and I I'm disappointed 	0
Product was not as described	0
Product was just it would promised. Thank You! :)	1
Product was in exact shape as described and works exactly as promised by the seller. I couldn&apos;t be happier with my purchase.	1
"Product was horrible, not in good working condition, and I would not recommend purchasing this product."	0
"Product was good...but after several requests for feedback..it seems to have fallen upon mute ears...Watch.,.I will probabyl now...get negative feedback....for my up-front honesty.  JWW521"	0
"Product was exactly as described. Received quickly in original packaging. Phone unlocked from AT&T network, but I had to go in and change some of the APN settings to get it to work properly on T-Mobile. Otherwise, very pleased. Would buy from this seller again."	1
Product was exactly as described and very fast delivery!	1
Product was exactly as described and shipped very fast. Pleasure doing business with you! 	1
Product was described. No problems connecting phone. Shipping was insanely fast. Ordered Wednesday and got it Friday. Super excited. Thanks again. Idk what is small form factor. Wasnt sure how to answer it. 	1
"Product was delivered but damaged in route, so the seller asked that we return it and immediately we received a replacement phone. GREAT COMMUNICATION, friendly, and we are just fine.    Appreciate doing business with you!!!"	1
Product was delivered before promised and in excellent better than expect condition!! Thank you!! 	1
Product was as described. It arrived promptly.	1
Product was as described. Easy transaction!	1
Product perfect...lighting fast shipping....constant contact.... The real deal....buy with confidence 	1
Product not what it seems and hes lying to people selling false products	0
"Product not as described -- it is missing the port cover and they sent me the wrong charger, even though their description says ""EXACTLY AS PICTURED"" or something of the sort. It's a photo of a phone they don't send.  So 2 stars taken away, and also another because they haven't responded to my message. It doesn't cost more than a few bucks to replace these things, but an inconvenience, so poor customer service and marketing.  Phone works great otherwise."	0
Product meets expectations! I ordered a second one to see if the sellers are consistent! Overall am satisfied 	1
Product is very good	1
Product is not unlocked for all carriers. My device was not compatible with Verizon service as determined by multiple Verizon support specialists.	0
"PRODUCT IS NOT AT ALL LIKE DESCRIBED. TO SEND IT BACK HAS BEEN A NIGHT MARE. THEY SAY THEY'VE SENT A RETURN, BUT HAVE'NT. CAN'T EVEN GET AN ADDRESS TO SEND IT TO.  "	0
"Product is in very good shape, works very well, an exceptional purchase."	1
product is good takes nice pictures fast internet I got the phone because I had just a regular flip phone and wanted to up grade battery is good stays charged for almost the hole day depends on if you use a lot of internet or not or if u are out of service area then it eats the battery up but is a well working phone I like it a lot	1
Product is good for the price.	1
"Product is Fake, not working properly, and don&apos;t have anything connected to Finland. Seller is trying to cheat. When you will try to receive your money, will tell you that have blocked his PayPal and other &quot;funny&quot; stories. Also he will try to close case as soon as possible, not to allow you, to have your money back. Another story that he will tell you, is that he is moved to another location, and that you will not find him at eBay noted place."	0
Product is exactly what I hoped it would be :)  It works great and is in good condition .. 	1
"product is definitely NOT brand new. it has been used. battery lasts few hours only. and the box it came in, was not in ""gift condition""...."	0
Product is a Sprint phone. But it is so old that Sprint doesn't support it anymore. It has no sim card and Sprint has no means to connect without sim card anymore.	0
"Product I have not got this can not say anything about it.  And thanks for this seller who is so &quot;good&quot; has helped me in this situation.  Protection buyers too, was at a &quot;high&quot; level."	0
Product has all the features that I feel I need. Works great on STRAIGHT TALK IN MY  HOME AREA.Works great with wifi and able to use it any place I usually travel.	1
Product did not work and it was tried at T-Mobile who also told me they never sold this phone before. It was returned for a full refund and cost me 8.25 to return it as well.	0
"Product description did not state that the keyboard was Burnt Into The Screen, so I feel product was not as described.  Shipping time was also Rediculous and also was not listed as two or more werks before it would even ship out."	0
Product delivered as promised	1
Product delivered as described.  Initial problem with the battery so the seller sent me a different battery at no charge!	1
Product came quickly. There's a minor scratch on the bottom left corner of it but I don't mind. The phone works perfectly.	1
"Product came quickly, packaged efficiently and was exactly as described. Very pleased with this seller!!"	1
"Product as promised and advertised! Though the specs are @2017, works perfectly and phone is still relevant for 2018. Plus the custom skin and accessories are cool! "	1
Product as hoped...thank you so much!	1
Product as expected   	1
"Product as described, well priced, shipped fast. Clean IMEI s7 for a couple hundred under retail, not bad! great seller."	1
Product as described	1
product as described	1
Product as advertised. Will recommend the seller! 	1
"Product arrived with a crack in the screen near the front camera, going from the top through to the speaker (see first two pictures).   Description with sale indicated there was a crack in the bottom left (which is the case and I was happy to accept for the price), but the crack near the camera was not mentioned and is a problem.  Note for pictures:  Did not come with screen protector and case, but had ordered those separately."	0
Product arrived very fast in Brasil but was retained by IRS four months ago. Since then its wainting for authentication by a representantive of Samsung.	0
Product arrived quick enough from seller.  It was sealed and new. No issues. 	1
Product arrived promptly and was in prestine condition. Superb seller!! A++++++	1
"Product arrived promptly and was exactly as advertised. Entire process was as it should be, and I would buy more products from seller."	1
Product arrived on time and was in mint condition.  Initially had a problem due to the service provider but seller was completely eager and capable of helping me.	1
product arrived on time and was exactly as described seller was prompt with answering questions. i would buy again i have yet to have any problems with the phone a month later.	1
"Product arrived intact, working, and unblemished.  However, product arrived rattling around in the box and without documenrtation or manual of even kind.  So there was no way of knowing if the device was really new, because it was shoved in a Kyocera box that was not the original one.  NorI did I find the seller's explanation of where the phone came from, and why it was not secured in the packaging, satisfactory.  To call something ""New in Box"" implies that the device is sealed in its original packaging, which us untrue.  "	0
Product arrived in pristine condition with a new (bonus) charger block and cable.  Very pleased.  Only concern was that USPS delivered it after the estimated shipping window by a couple of days.	1
"Product and condition are as described, 100% battery capacity, arrived 1 day faster than estimated. Thanks very much!"	1
"Product advertised as the 32 gb model, apon receiving device I realise it's the 16/2 gb model."	0
Problems with phones from the beginning.  Sent one back since it has been returned the warranty is out and we have other issues.  The other one is also not the best.  From here out will not be purchasing phones on ebay too much of a concern with where they came from.	0
"Problemas para hacer llamadas, no salen y se tiene que reiniciar para poder llamar"	0
Problem with charging and holding charge. BLU Products told me phone can not be repaired and value is only $30      	0
Problem with battery or charging system. Charge status can change from 100% to 80% instantaneously.	0
Probably this seller should not be allowed to sell in auction. Canceling the sell without any reason.	0
PRO: SMALL CON: DIDN'T WORK	0
pro it worked... con  it power charge broke.. it was cheap.. you take a chance with used stuff	0
"Primero el vendedor me envio un producto diferente al descrito en link.  Ejemplo: Este celular vino con el color diferente al descrito en el mismo, ademas que no trajo su cargador y ademas no espesifico cual era el defecto que este mismo traia.   En resumen compre un producto que era completamente inservible.  PPT: Perdi mi dinero. Y opte por retirarme de la pagina de Ebay. Lamento tener que esperar estos 60 dias para completar el proceso de retiro."	0
priced right...free shipping...and it shipped fast...i purchased it on a sunday and had it 3 days later..talk about fast.  I wouldn&apos;t hesitate to purchase from this seller again!	1
Priced reasonable. Excellent customer contact. Fast delivery. I would recommend this company. Love my phone	1
price was great lots of features love the big numbers and the little covers for all the places to plug charger and headphones in also accessories are easy to find  motorola razor accessories fit.	1
Price vrs condition.	1
price right and the phone was what i was looking for.  Have been looking for phone and finally  found this one	1
"Previous owner of the m7 and was hesitant about the m8, but definitely love it! Big thanks to the seller chubbiestech, great price and the phone came in better condition than I was expecting! Bought two of them and they were both perfect, been using for about two months and no problem with them yet!"	1
"Pretty simple.  I wanted an SGH-M919, not an SGH-i337.  AT&T phones are worthless as it is.  Time to send it back.  I want a T-Mobile, not an AT&T variety.  I have my reasons."	0
Pretty much all I was looking for. So far I am pleased and I don't expect that to change. It's a little larger than I would hope for but then I have big fingers and thumbs smaller phone would likely be more frustrating.	1
Pretty good as of now.	1
"Prefect                                                                                                                 good,"	1
Precisamente hoy llame a Blu Products porque cuando me llaman o llamo no me escuchan 	0
"Powerful software, weak hardware. stylus broke in half the third day out of the box, fell off my lap with a case on it and the screen cracked! had the note 8 for over a year fell several times on concrete floors, the screen is still intact! since samsung wants $300 to repair a screen I went back to my Note 8."	0
"Power button is defective. Phone MEID is not cleared for new activation on Sprint as advertised. Charger is falling apart into multiple pieces. No response from seller via email, phone message, or ebay messaging."	0
"Posting says new, all original,  it is not.  It is refurbished and comes very poorly protected.  Cheap charger that does not work.  No booklet"	0
Post office has not yet received the item till after 12 days after placing the order!	0
"possibly the age of this model but not sure the phone would not stay on, the seller tried every way to help."	0
"Positives    -Amazing screen LOOL  -1.9 GHz Quad-core Processor and 3GB RAM showcase pure power  -New S Pen features and apps are a delight  -Multitasking with Multi Window a great tool  -Great video recording quality  -Packed to the brim with hardware features (NFC, IR Blaster, MicroUSB 3.0, etc)  -Packed to the brim with custom apps and software features....    Negatives (none)  -Screen Size may not fit all tastes"	1
pos phone doesnt keep service for more then ten soconds. was supposed to be tested and fully working... not true.	0
"porque lo recibi en malas condiciones, y no me funciona bien la pantalla y se abre la carcasa. pero es problema de la vendedora que lo vendio en malas condiciones! "	0
porque es muy bueno very good seller.  products at good price and in good condition.  super bien  bien	1
"Por error no pude ver el estado del teléfono, realmente no me interesa comprarlo, puede borrón mi oferta por favor  "	0
POR EL ANCHO DE BANDA NO DA SEÑAL	0
poor sound and volume quality and is nothing like the Razr at all would not buy it ever again and kept freezing up	0
"Poor screen, problematic control buttons, slow software GUI    Not a good phone, very disappointing for Sony Ericsson"	0
Poor reception just like all the other LG phones I've tried. I'm getting a Samsung..	0
Poor quality pictures and text mislead condition	0
"Poor quality phone, GPS does not work, slow and comes damaged in the porta SIM. For me, it was a bad business"	0
"Poor product -purchased one and cannot use it on T-Mobile or any other carrier. Drops calls continuously and has to be shutoff to re-connect to the network again. Finally, cannot connect to any GSM carrier- trash basically - looking for something else. Vendor also difficult to work with."	0
Poor phone choice 	0
Poor is all I can say. I can understand why someone sold it to me cheaply 	0
Poor from the git-go.	0
POOR FAULTY QUALITY!UNRELIABLE SELLER!	0
Poor construction. 	0
Poor communication  will never use them again.	0
poor camera quality and the screen is purple	0
Poor battery on phone. Heavy and most programs did not work	0
"Poor attempt to copy the IPhone or Droid ,have tried these phones but cannot stomach the charges each month...I love Cricket service, but the Moto QA4 has got to be the most difficult,glitchy phone I have ever tried...I spent 2 days trying to navigate and understand the phone, it is difficult to do even simple tasks....If you are tech savy then go for it,if you want something easy to use then look elsewhere ..I will stick with my Messenger 2 :)"	0
"Please, nobody buy a Samsung Note 7. They are recalled due to the battery exploding. Even if there is not a problem with it now, the battery is defective and will eventually explode!"	0
Please stay away from this. Only buy phones with no bills due and clean esns. I have been in similar situation and had to go through hell and back. Make sure u buy a phone with no outstanding balance   	0
please see all details before buying one you do your payment the wont reply your email when you have problem with product	0
"Please read this thoroughly. The phone is locked, in a different language and obviously not this persons that is selling it..... how can u sell a phone for $475 and its locked and scratched to shit.  This Person has no reviews no sales and no buy or sold items..... so not buy this stolen locked phone from him... PLUS HE HAS NO FUCKING ITEMS IN HIS STORE   "	0
"Please note that this has no reflection upon the seller, whatsoever. I thought I was getting a great buy on an unlocked smartphone...wrong! After installing the sim card, it took almost a day to activate, then all it wanted to do was act like an at&amp;t phone, a company I&apos;m totally against. I could not text or access the web at all. Never buy an unlocked at&amp;t phone unless you want it to act like an at&amp;t phone! This is NOT a smartphone, it&apos;s a dumbphone! I can&apos;t believe this listed at $399 originally?! Anyone that tells you otherwise doesn&apos;t know  jack about the cellular world."	0
"Please note that the phone does not work. I am returning the phone, I am sure you knew that this item had a problem."	0
"please my item has not arrived, i dont know what happened?"	0
"Please don't purchase, the seller does not care about their customers...phone defective the first and second time had to send it back and still received a defective device...missed out on so much being without a phone for almost 2 weeks I'm highly upset all I needed was a working phone and still don't have one "	0
"Please do not buy this phone, I was looking for a cheap phone temporarily of course this phone has given me nothing but trouble. It was good for the first 20 ish days and then everything just went to hell with this phone first SD card started getting corrupted for no reason next music pause and play when I didn't ask it to. And the newest thing just happened is the headphone jack stopped working not completely of course only to where you can plug in your headphones halfway to listen to music or put a little piece of aluminum foil down in it to make it start working again sort of! Note its worth 200 more just to get a phone that you know that will work! This is just a cheaply-made phone that's good for about a month and it's basically trash after then.. P.S. I am not hating on HTC I used to really like their phones but this phone of this is just trash! This phone is about as good as a potato with earbuds in it.."	0
Please check our store! b2binchina com We are a large foreign trade company in China! Our products are new and original! We sell electronic products! We accept paypal. Thank you	1
Please check our store! b2binchina com We are a large foreign trade company in China! Our products are new and original! We sell electronic products! We accept paypal. Thank you	1
Please check our store! b2binchina com We are a large foreign trade company in China! Our products are new and original! We sell electronic products! We accept paypal. Thank you	1
Please check our shop b2binchina com We sell electronic products! We accept paypal. Thank you.	1
"Please be careful I received the product and although it looks like a Nokia it's a fake Chinese knock off, the software, the battery, functioning is all a terrible, chinese product labeled as Nokia. "	0
"please be aware,-- these cell phones are often offered in a very nice near mint condition. And most of them are just as advertised. But- the cell phone has a mechanical significant  defect,- it is in all cell phones of  this model Rugby cell phone.  The voice of incoming calls is very very badly muffled,- to the point of just being non usable . We just purchased 2 such cell phones,- and have become so frustrated with this defect, that they were just cast  them into the trash. The vendor sent us a very nice phone, it is a Samsun design defect. Do not buy this cell phone."	0
Please advice that Nokia Lumia 830 does not work with Freedom mobile. Now I have the phone but cannot use it.	0
PLAIN AND SIMPLE IT SUCKS AND IS NOT WORTH THE MONEY IN MY OPINION THE OWNER TELLS ME AFTER I BOUGHT IT THAT IT IS REALLY ONLY GOOD FOR MAKING PHONE CALLS BUT ITS REALLY NOT EVEN GOOD FOR THAT... THEY WONT SEND ME A ORDER RETURN LABEL SO I CANT EVEN RETURN IT.....	0
"Piece of crap, but durable I can tell you that. My cousin got one of these on the Alltel network back when it was AIRTOUCH. He beat the crap  out of it, and dropped it daily, even once leaving it outside, where i FOUND it the next day STILL POWERED ON. He got rid of this on 2003 when he got a Nokia 2285.     I can say when it was upgrade time we smashed the piece of junk this was. it was not worth it."	0
Pido disculpas por la demora es que encontré Uno más económico de 128GB y es lo que ando buscando economía si me lo dejas en250 te lo compro 	1
"Pictured all scratches and bumps are not visible, when this cell get my hands I was scared and I asked myself as I had fallen so low, there are a million cellular worked flawlessly and with the same quality for the same price, it was a mistake to make this purchase."	0
"Picture shows a phone that is fully operable, but the phone that arrived lacks a battery and is consequentially inoperable. Although that was specified in the description, and thus I'm partially to blame for not being more careful, the picture is deceptive."	0
"picked up, thanks."	1
"physically the phone is in excellent condition but I do not have two months with the phone and it went out of nowhere, and now every time I try to turn it on, it does not change from the ""LG"" logo and it keeps resetting itself. Personally I do not recommend buying this equipment because it was just a waste of money."	0
Phones were like new when received and battery life has been great.  Was concerned about availability of apps once software was updated to ios 7.2. However you can get just about every apps' workable version on itunes.  Download the most recent app on your pc or mac. Once it has downloaded go to the app store and download that app.  You will get a message that there is an older version available for download. Download the older version and your ready to go. Works with every app you'll ever need.  Not sure about games or video streaming since that's of no interest to us.	1
Phones showed extreme use of wear and tear and deep scratches all over 	0
Phones r great thank you i love it   	1
Phones may have been refurbished not new as claim; reception does not seem as good as with my old phone purchased new at a local store.	0
Phones great thank you everything works 	1
Phones fine but if you have us cellular don't bother because it won't work on there network	0
"Phones description clearly said clean imei, yet Verizon says its listed stolen, cost me a whole day sorting it all out after listing my phone as stolen cause I put my sim card in it, asked for seller to refund,  and agrees ,but I got to pay for return shipping?. Why would I spend more money to a dishonest seller. I mean be truthful  and someone would bought and got it cleaned, or used for parts. Even asked if seller would pay for a imei clean , Nope, blacklisted imei, either stolen, bill wasnt paid on phone, still in payments,reported lost or it was an insurance deal that went bad. Either way I end up with a paperweight.  "	0
Phones came quickly and were nicely packaged but were not AT&T phones as advertised. They were from a Japanese carrier. We did not have any problems with the return but was false advertising. 	0
"Phone+lightning cable+charger comes in 2 zip lock bags. Not box, but zip lock bags. Missing earpods, missing pin to open SIM card slot. Glass has lots of scratches (not ""light"" imperfections). My 4-year old phone has NOWHERE near the amount of scratches. I bought other refurbished products in the past, and all of them are reconditioned to be like new, not like something that ""fell of the back of a truck"", if you know what I mean. "	0
"Phone wouldn't allow me to do anything unless it was on wifi. Very cute. Stylish. Sheet putting sim card in, everything loaded and then after adding contacts nothing else could've been done being that the phone never stop updating over and over and wouldn't allow me to text email make calls unless on wifi and barely stayed connected"	0
"phone would not keep a charge. only last about 15 hrs standby, 45 min-60 min of talk time if i was lucky. i bookmarked the seller so i will ready if they try to sell me more junk. shame on me i gave them 5 stars."	0
Phone would not accept sim card and battery goes from half charged to dead in seconds.  Tried contacting seller with no response.	0
Phone would never accept new driod os updated and locked up constantly.	0
"Phone works, but fell apart (hinge broke) after a couple of weeks. Also, AT&T is upgrading and 2G phones will not work in near future...HORRIBLE TIMING!!"	0
Phone works with no problem  	1
Phone works well. 	1
"phone works well The purple haze only effect is on in door and night time photos. day light pic,s are great!"	1
Phone works well it is a gift so would not be able to say much. But the person that received the phone is an older person that needed to see the numbers well and that it was not any trouble to maneuver. So far so good... would recommended if looking for a phone that is basic and simple to work.	1
Phone works perfectly!  Love it!	1
"Phone works great, my wife loves it, but the best part is the seller.Shipping was so fast it was amazing."	1
Phone works great so far and fast delivery	1
Phone works great no trouble and fast shipping 	1
Phone works great and received it quickly.  Thank!!! 	1
Phone works great and looks New 	1
Phone works great and is in excellent cosmetic condition!	1
Phone works great .!	1
Phone works great	1
phone works fine upon recieving threw mail...bt has a cracked screen.....all features work on phone just half sxreen has a crack all the way across	0
"Phone worked great for four months, then got a little buggy.  Now, not even 6 months later, doesn't work at all.  Contacted vendor, they said they won't do anything about it after 30 days.  So they don't stand behind the products they sell.  DO NOT BUY FROM THIS VENDOR. They expect you to invest hundreds of dollars with no recourse when the product stops working."	0
Phone worked for one week or (7) days then no response from the screen only the power button and the volume button works	0
phone worked but had to get different battery.everything they said they would send they did.might buy from again would ask to make sure everything worked	0
phone worked but had to get different battery.everything they said they would send they did.might buy from again would ask to make sure everything worked	0
Phone work great and is a very good hot spot. 	1
"Phone won't turn on unless near light, knock feature rarely works, 1/5 times I reset my phone it will actually turn on the rest of the time it's between a boot loop or the screen failing to stay on long enough to allow me to open the phone."	0
"phone which is delivered to me was damaged,2 buttons were missing,idid inform the seller and request to send me the missing buttons but he never respond,i m very disappointed"	0
Phone went dead a month after buying it (and a week after return period expired).	0
Phone wasn't new. The screen went black and couldn't use it. I sent a message to the seller still haven't gotten a response. I took it to have it repaired and was informed that the screen had already been replaced once before. Nowhere in the description did it say refurbished.	0
"Phone wasn&apos;t as good as i thought.Only thing I like about this phone is the radio. I barely get signal with this phone, and so I had to buy another one to use. I do not recommend this model."	0
"Phone was way above my expectation.. its clean,easy to use. my son loved it.very easy access, its a no brainier phone.  very sleek, touch sensitive"	1
Phone was VERY dirty upon opening package. Inside of headphone slot is filled with what looks like dirt and earwax mixed together. Taking out the battery there was a dead bug wedged near the speaker. The track for the sliding part of the phone was filled with earwax/dirt as well. TERRIBLE job of cleaning the phone. The keyboard was also coated in a thick layer of dust.	0
"Phone was very asthetically pleaseing to look at and felt good in the hand. The programming, software and functionality were terrible.     I would wait for up to 3 minutes for Facebook to open, the internet would continually drop off, other programs would not open at all.     Completely and utterly useless as a phone.     IT was returned and I would most definatly not buy another one!"	0
"Phone was to be new, and was, however it was not compatable for our area, and it didi not work, the stores we took it to, said it would not even power up. Basically worthless."	0
Phone was supposed to be here July 21 and still hasn't came in yet and seller doesn't respond 	0
Phone was supposed to be able to be activated under Sprint but didnt work. Box was also demolished. 	0
"Phone was super loud ringer, but other than that was a complete waste of money "	0
Phone was stolen blacklisted 	0
Phone was sold as unlocked. It wasnt. Seller wouldn't respond to messages. 	0
Phone was sent and was in perfect condition.  Fast shipping too.  Highly recommend this seller	1
Phone was sended locked and argues its not i want a return and he wont accept it and keep putting excuses he gives me less money than what i payed for when the phone hasnt been used and it was his error for sending it locked 	0
"Phone was returned, wasn&apos;t what I expected. I felt the ad was very misleading. The phone may serve someone else well, but NOT me.  I need a fully functional qwerty keyboard that slides out, and doesn&apos;t have that."	0
Phone was perfect and came with a charger and a brick. Couldnt be happier for the price 	1
Phone was not in the condition as advertised. Crack on phone too much to really enjoy the purchase. Seller need to include in description detail about cracks on phone.	0
Phone was not compatible with Verizon	0
Phone was new in package. Definitely recommend.   Will be buying my wife one as well. 	1
Phone was missing the back cover.  It was my mistake for buying such a cheap phone.  It was very light phone and not worth worrying about.  I will throw it away if I still have it.	0
"phone was locked, returned to seller"	1
Phone was locked to itunes as well as wrong carrier. It seems like this is a common problem with this seller. Didnt trust to send it back to them as it seema they get the item sent back to them and then dont honor refund. Steer clear o his seller	0
"Phone was locked out on Verizon's ""no pay"" list. Useless period. Get the IMEI # and call the carrier before you buy!!!"	0
Phone was listed as fully functional. I received it and wasnt able to make any phone calls. The iPhone 7 had a known problem and wasnt mentioned in the description at all.	0
Phone was just as advertised and in excellent condition. It even arrived a day earlier. Thanks	1
phone was in sealed box but it has defect on screen... i am very upset...	0
Phone was in perfect condition! Came faster than said shipping date and works great. 	1
"Phone was in new condition, no scratches and battery performs as new.  Well packaged and quick delivery.  Waited a couple months before writing this review in order to ensure everything was working well.  Thanks!"	1
"Phone was in near to perfect condition, showed up before the delivery date. Very satisfied!!!"	1
Phone was in like new condition. Works perfectly. Good size phone. Great camera on the phone. Highly recommend. I am considering ordering another one.	1
Phone was in great shape No issues Very fast service Good price  Thanks 	1
Phone was in great condition except for cracked screen. Good thing I had extra screen	1
"Phone was in good condition but more importantly the seller was simply amazing, great customer service."	1
"Phone was in good condition , but it had a password and the owner doesn't work with me to unlocked it to activate it "	0
Phone was in excellent condition & fast shipping! Thank you!	1
Phone was in awesome condition! Listed exactly what was received. I am very excited to use my product. 	1
Phone was great. I'm posting on it now. Fast shipping n packaging.  Friendly seller. Thanks	1
Phone was great! I love it!	1
Phone was good but came blocked with no way to unblock rendering it useless. 	0
"Phone was flakey when arrived, contacted seller and he said he didn't sell me the phone! he asked me three times to contact ebay and get the transaction details for him, I think to put me out of the 14 day return period. Blew me off. Phone now needs a reset every time I need to use it and sometimes it won't reset first try."	0
Phone was exactly as described. Order filled quickly	1
Phone was described as a camera phone. The camera and all other java functions are not working on this phone. The phone was described as a refurbished item but there is obviously an issue with this description as one of the main features does not work.  I did not pay much for it but was expecting at least an accurate description.	0
Phone was delivered quickly. And basically brand new. I was able to get hooked up with present cell carrier. 5 stars 	1
Phone was delivered in a couple of days as promised. Phone is in good condition cosmetically and all functions are in good working condition. I am very satisfied with this product.	1
"Phone was defective, I sent it back"	0
"Phone was brand new!  It had two face plates, and a wall charger.  It also came with the owners manual, and was easy to activate using verizon wireless services. You can put up to a 2Gb micro SD chip in it to take pictures, and you can put pictures with the people you have listed in your directory.  Very Cool.  I would recomend this phone to anyone."	1
"Phone was bought because of cost,  when received it was not functional as listed on EBAY Sine it only cost me a few dollars I did not respond to any feed back and hust threw it in the garbage.  This has happened more frequently than necessary.  People seem to be trying to get rid of their junk and bilk Ebay customers.. I had a case pending and have had not results from complaining on unsatisfactoty purches and am extremely careful as to what I bid on now."	0
Phone was better than the description.  Very nice.  Fast shipping.  Easy transaction.  Thanks	1
Phone was better than I expected no scratches no dings in perfect condition a1 seller.	1
Phone was bad all the around couldnt fix screen screws was stripped out couldnt get them removed and theres no return and the phone so I wouldnt recommend this phone to anyone 	0
"Phone was as it was promise, the deliver time was excelent. In generalas the customer service is great."	1
"Phone was as described by seller, no issues at all, fast shipping and good communication. Would definitely buy from again!"	1
Phone was as describe & showed up pretty quick. Thank you! 	1
"phone was almost disgusting in condition, and once i got a battery for it none of the buttons or functions woirked atALL"	0
Phone was all described works well  Would recomend seller highly	1
"Phone was advertised as new but instead was used. Probably good value but not what I thought I was purchasing. Seller offered to send me ""handpicked "" phone if I changed rating. "	0
Phone was a Christmas gift. I tried to charge but display would show Starting but never Charging. I left like that for several hours hoping it would work. I turned phone on and updated software and was able to make a call. I went back to use it again after an hour but it was turned off? I turned it back on but it did the same thing. I emailed company about my issue and Justin told me it could be battery and they would send me one to test. It never came. I emailed them two more times but no response. Phone got misplaced here in the house so now we cannot find it. Tried to call it but I am sure it turned itself off. $90 dollars down the drain.	0
Phone turns on but does not recognize the sim card.  So it cannot work in net work.	0
"Phone sucks,,,I can't hear people,,,they can't hear me,,,awast of money,,, don't buy this lemon"	0
Phone sucks takes 7 hours to charge to 100 percent waste of 189	0
"Phone sucks ass! It has a ridiculous power button on back, took multiple times to activate, and bull shit ads on every page, even to open phone. FUCK THIS PIECE OF SHIT!"	0
"Phone sucked , it would not pick up a signal, so I could not use it. I had to throw it away then bought a straight talk"	0
"Phone stopped working after two weeks of use, took it to apple store and they informed me that it is 2 different phone put together. None of the serial numbers match with one another. Ended up buying new phone. I&apos;ve had 2 misfortune of buying phones at eBay, a mistake I will never do again."	0
Phone stopped working after one month and warranty is one month. And the charger I had to borrow one from my friend.  	0
Phone stated new but when received had several chips and nicks and glue in back cover. Seller states new when emailed. Needed phone asap as it was urgent and return is not a option. So I advise not to buy anything I mean ANYTHING as you get what you get with no help 	0
Phone started reloop issue within a month	0
Phone started out good then 2 months later the microphone went out the only way you could hear your caller was to have a blue tooth or use the speaker phone. Bad phone	0
"Phone so old that US Cellular doesn&apos;t have any means to repair, no batteries to fit, won&apos;t repair.  Alright for interum phone till you can afford better. Works in a pinch, short term."	0
Phone shuts off and no one can hear me if I could I would have returned this phone ...Very disappointed!!!!	0
Phone shut down within a week of using it.  Apparently it needs a code and I've contacted the seller. Still waiting on a response. If I could give it a zero I would. 	0
Phone shipped quick and was in perfect condition.  I like that it had the original box and oem accessories!	1
Phone shattered in packaging; had to order a new phone off of the actual boost site. 	0
"Phone seemed to be overheating, so I returned it. No problem from seller."	0
"Phone said unlocked, and doesn't even work with my carrier trash ass seller "	0
Phone said it wasn't unlocked meet with the guy at the store to make sure it worked it did until I paid him and he left I go home went to reset the setting to make space for my information and the phone stopped working. Went back said this phone had been unlocked and it doesn't work. Told the guy all this and the only thing he said is that why I meet at the store to make sure it works. What part of u putting no unlock don't u understand?? False advertisement don't buy his stuff. On Christmas ruined my day 	0
Phone runs extremely slow. The phone that I was trying to replace runs better. It was only $20 I guess I just expected to work better.	0
Phone quit working a week after left good feedback. Didnt ask for refund because Im pretty sure what the answer would of been.	0
phone quit receiving signal after a week....	0
Phone only lasted 3 months! I am very careful with my phones. Track pad died!  I wouldn&apos;t buy this again. Blackberry customer care sucks and this phone doesn&apos;t come with a warranty. Please buy a warranty if you must buy this phone.	0
"Phone OK, Sell sucks big time"	0
phone of the year 	1
"phone not near mint condition, and battery shot."	0
phone not delivered	0
Phone looks new works great fast delivery thanks	1
Phone looks new and it works perfect. Honest seller.	1
"Phone looks like new,  had a problem with the charger but the seller was very quick to answer me and send out a replacement. "	1
Phone looks like it is in great shape bought it for a spare and to have an extra charger! Hard to find the phones like these that are easy to use for someone that refuses to try a smart phone!	1
"Phone looks great, havent tested with the calls yet but condition looks amazing! great seller and promt delivery too! RECOMMENDED A++ SELLER!"	1
"Phone looks Great! It was well packaged. It arrived on time. the battery sucks. I purchased a new battery on ebay. Besides that, phone works great! Thank you. "	1
Phone looks great till you start using it. It freezes A LOT especially when im typing. Sometimes i cant get on my apps till about 2 minutes after i clicked on it and i cant hang up from my calls.	0
Phone looks and works like new and half the price of ATT.  Probably going to buy another one for my son.  If you buy through PayPal 6 month no interest	1
Phone looked great and worked great...but I didn&apos;t have verizon and I had at&amp;t. So I only got reception in certain areas. I wouldn&apos;t recommend buying this phone if you don&apos;t have a verizon plan.	0
Phone looked good physically but AT&T could not get it to work. Even took it to a repair shop and they said there was something wrong and would cost too much to fix if the could fix it. I returned it and did get my money refunded promptly. I would not buy from them again	0
Phone literally just came in just now brand spanking new as description said I am very satisfied with it nice and shiny and all the accessories worth the buy	1
Phone listed Gsm unlocked. But phone only works with TMobile! And seller doesnt reply. Horrible. 	0
Phone lasted about 3 weeks and broke. Seller only would replace it for 2weeks.   Shipped back to seller and will never buy from him again.	0
Phone keeps shutting down	0
"phone just ok,battery very bad,even i bought a new battery maybe this phone for gps,price is good,i will not recomment to my friend"	0
Phone isnt coming on regret buying. Its just showing a manufactur mode need a refund. 	0
Phone IS WORTHLESS wont WORK WITH MY CARRIER or any OTHER I DONT LIVE IN KORIA and dont want to. Why do you sell to the USA Thanks 4 nothing it was for my Doughter.	0
"Phone is what I expected, being it was from OLD Nokia. Before MS bought it. Screen clear and big, battery good life, and light. "	1
Phone is very fancy &amp; expensive looking with the gold plating.  Dust gets trapped under the outer face and over the camera lens. This is very annoying.  Texting is good.  Very clear calls with crystal talk technology. Camera is poor quality.  The 2GB internal memory is good.	0
PHONE IS VERY EASY TO USE! HAVE HAD ALOT OF DIFFERENT CELL PHONES AND THE T404G IS BY FAR THE BEST PHONE I HAVE EVER BOUGHT!FEEL THE PRICE WAS RESONABLE COMPARED TO OTHER PHONE OF THIS STYLE.	1
Phone is very basic and did not allow me to download any apps (specifically whatsapp) but music. It is only good for a back up phone to talk on. 	0
Phone is totally bad and when u charged very hot 	0
Phone is too outdated.  Unable to download anything.  This phone is good for just phone calls or texting.	0
"Phone is too old to be connected to a network.  Should never be offered for sale now.  In its day, it was probably good."	0
"phone is the hardest phone that I have tried to use, cannot answer tx, voice mail hard to find,,  I THOUGHT I was getting phone just like my old HTC,  sorry, but I do not like phone, I am getting a new phone,  would you like to buy this one,  will sale cheap,  pop argo"	0
Phone is still on a lease with Sprint. An annoying message pops up every minute stating so. Sprint allowed me to activate it and use it still. I messaged gizmo about it and they gave me $25 for the inconvenience. $340 for a unpaid for leased phone is terrible. People are basically leasing them from sprint then selling them to gizmo. 	0
Phone is slow and freezes up constantly. We replaced it with a different phone.	0
Phone is really nice except it is NOT an AT&T compatible phone.  It came to me with a Sprint nano SIM and all efforts to unlock it or use it on any other network failed.	0
Phone is perfect! Great condition and super fast shipping! Will absolutely do business again! Thank you so much. 	1
Phone is perfect!	1
Phone is over heating in causing the glass on the back of the phone to break  I never drop the phone 	0
PHONE IS OUT OF WARRANTY AND WONT LET ME MAKE CALLS! I FEEL SCAMMED	0
phone is ok but battery is dead. the phone cannot go on due the battery. 	0
Phone is not working so what can I do with phone.i try to start phone but its not start.  I have to sent it back this phone	0
Phone is not what I expected in a bad way.	0
Phone is not very user friendly connections were horrible. Used 3 days and got rid of it	0
Phone is not unlocked and is therefore hopeless	0
Phone is not new. Its has LCD shadow looks like someone dropped it. Don't trust this seller he hasn't replied yet. And the phone is locked too. don't waste ur time here.	0
Phone is not durable. I had it for 2 months. And the screen went out do not buy it. If you want a phone that last aleast a year.	0
"Phone is like new, excellent condition."	1
Phone is like new 	1
Phone is installed with malware from factory so it can not be removed. Box was sealed and seems to be a genuine Samsung phone. Missing Samsung keyboard and other Samsung apps 	0
"Phone is in great condition, pink phone case was a plus. Thank you so much"	1
Phone is in great condition and it was a great price for all that it included.	1
Phone is in excellent condition and phone was exactly what it lead to be. Seller was very prompt with shipping and I am extremely pleased. Will def. use the seller again.	1
Phone is in excellent condition and arrived quicker than expected 	1
phone is in almost perfect working condition.i did not receive charger.i am still happy because phone is in good working condition.for this price you cant beat it-fortunately my old phone charger works with this fine.only con is its battery drains a little bit faster-then again for this price no complains-i can buy  battery from amazon for $15.delivery was fast too.	1
Phone is in a pretty good condition. 	1
"Phone is great, screen is very vivid. The size of the display could have been a tad bit larger. Phone is very snappy and camera has improved. The battery life of the phone isn&apos;t as great as I was expecting. It lasted me on average about 5-6 hours each day which means I have to carry around the charger."	1
"Phone is great, I must have a qwerty board. I have had other BBT and I will say this one is slow and freezes often. Which is very disapointing. Not at all the sellers fault. Has to just be this blackberry. (bad luck) seller was great, the battery that came with the phone did not work and they sent another one out ASAP. All good here..."	1
"Phone is great value, always updated to lastest android version and still good enough to play games that provide a rich visual experience"	1
phone is great husband is so satified with the phone he is a taxi driver so it will be used well thanks again	1
Phone is great and working wonderfully my daughter love it	1
Phone is great and seller even threw in a screen protector was very pleased at first but i messaged him/her yesterday and have yet to get a response....as of now when i turn the phone onits asking for a gmail that was synced to the phone b4 it was reset....ill change thye feedback once seller replies and fixes my issue.	0
Phone is good. in excellent condition and super fast shipping!  will use again thank you!	1
phone is excellent. Very fast shipping.  Thank you	1
"Phone is excellent, easy to use and has great quality."	1
Phone is exactly what is described! Company responds very quickly to any questions or concerns that may come up. I love my new phone (: 	1
Phone is exactly as described.  Great condition and works perfectly	1
"Phone is exactly as described n great, got here early too!!!"	1
Phone is crap.  Does not work 75% of the time.  Keep your money.  Battery life is great.  Probably because you can barely use the phone.	0
Phone is bad. Cant do anything on it its so slow alot of things dont work. Bad bad phone i hate it..	0
Phone is awesome.!! Couldnt have asked for a better deal. Thank you...	1
Phone is awesome	1
"Phone is amazing. The camera is by far the BEST I have ever seen!! This phone CAN work on Cricket as well as At&t. I know because I have Cricket and At&t owns them! If you want a nice, classy phone, lite weight, and takes amazing photos this phone is it! "	1
Phone is a good one an love the color of the phone	1
Phone inoperable. Audio is off and cant be turned on by Tmobile.  Contacted seller and got no response.	0
"Phone in great condition and the skin looks awesome on phone.  Absolutely nothing negative to say...even the box, car/house chargers, and usb cable as well as earphones are in wonderful condition.  I love everything about it.  ..muchas gracias."	1
"Phone in good condition, as described.  "	1
Phone has slight screen burn as advertised. Other than that its flawless. Using it to write this review.. 	1
Phone has not been received. Money was returned to me after I opened a case with PayPal. Prior to the opening of the case the seller does not answer.	0
phone has moments where it just goes black and I cant use my phone at all and I have to take the battery out. Aside from that one big annoying problem I have no other	0
"Phone has a lot of good features.It also offers enhanced messaging features, great call quality, and a good camera. Nice phone, easy to use"	1
"Phone has a lot features such as: Bluetooth, camera with flash, voice dialing and speakerphone. Just slip in your sim card and you are ready to use."	1
"Phone has a built in fm tuner. But if you use a wired connection and lock the phone screen, the volume cuts in half. Doesn't do it with Bluetooth but another $5or$10 will easily get a much better phone. Battery life might be 6 hours on full charge. "	0
Phone hands up by itself in the middle of a call 	0
"Phone good, nothing to complain about. But the battery could deliver more powerful. At least 3200"	1
Phone Faulty when arrived  Package not sealed and doubt it might not be new item Photo seller advertise is not the same as phone purchased.  	0
Phone e is good condition.  Every think is fine . Thank you for sale it to me...............................   	1
Phone doesn't work right. It signs me out of sites I'm looking at and/or it signs me into sites I'm not trying to look at. Or I just can't sign into sites at all.  I constantly have to keep restarting it. I would NEVER buy another one of these	0
Phone does not work at all nor will turn on	0
phone does not stay charged. I have done everything I know to do to conserve battery life...at the most you get 6 hours from the battery if you do not use it at all...I am considering buying extra batteries	0
Phone does not stay charge! Only way I can use it if I keep it plug in! I&apos;ll never  buy another used phone!I email the person I bought the phone from they said it   work! Very disappointed in this phone!	0
PHONE DOES NOT SHOW MINUTES OR DAY'S USED UP.   HAVE TO CALL TRACFONE TO GET THAT INFO.	0
Phone does not receive good reception. Does not ring and goes straight to voicemail for the person calling. Receives text messages and voice mail hours later.	0
Phone does not maintain battery life and contains a weird squiggly black line in corner of screen.	0
Phone does not charge at all 	0
"Phone died in 20 days, do not buy"	0
Phone didn't work which I was unaware or needed new screen	0
"Phone didn't work or hold charge, bought 2 of them 1 didn't hold service or charge, one didn't hold charge. Sent both back in 1 box just as seller sent to me and was denied refund. So now I have no phones and they kept my $150. Thanks EBay for looking into it. One star because it won't let me give them a ZERO!"	0
Phone didn't work on my T-Mobile network.	0
Phone didnt work even with different sims seller offered return but im already out of my city phone should be inspected before shipping.. 	0
"Phone did work very well in my area , had a hard time getting my messages and sending them. Apps wouldn't work right!!!"	0
"Phone did not work, returned phone and was promised a refund but never received my refund"	0
Phone did not work was not flashed to Cricket also the phone is outdated and most companies out there have upgraded there systems which makes this phone unusable in most markets.	0
Phone did not work sent back very disappointing	0
"Phone did not work for me. Seller wanted me to try 'resetting the 'original os' of the phone"", and perform a complicated manual upgrade to android vers. 7.0 (via a youtube link) to see what was wrong. Unit shipped with 6.0.1 installed."	0
"Phone did not work correctly., this phone audio cut in and out. was replacing one like it that did the same thing what a waste of money."	0
Phone did not work	0
phone did not have the storage advertised and was returned.	0
"Phone delivered in good shape, missing SD card as advertised, seller never responded to my messages about expedited shipping."	0
phone Defective and was not listed in description camera its terrible he told me he couldnt do anything. Bad business wont recommend.	0
Phone couldn't recharge after initial charge. Had to purchase a port for phone  Phone also has permanent blue on upper left screen (a runny blue)   	0
"Phone couldn't be activated by Sprint store, because it already had an active account on phone.  So this wasn't a new phone as advertised.    This phone wasn't new as advertised.  I tried to have it activated at a Sprint store, but they were unable to activate to my account because it had an active account on it.          "	0
"Phone constantly turns off, my battery jumps from 100% to 10% than dies, screen cracked with a case on it when dropped on shaggy soft carpet , never again will i get a phone from here , worst experience on ebay i ever had smh "	0
Phone condition was excellent and it works perfectly. Thanks for the great phone!	1
"Phone Condition is Excellent and described.  Shipped on time ...Great Seller , will buy again with them ."	1
Phone completely died before 1 month old.	0
"Phone comes with Android 7 and upgraded to 8 immediately. Big memory, great cameras and a finger print sensor. Gorilla glass and a metal case, yet it is light weight and very comfortable to use.  Lots of bang for the buck for sure."	1
Phone came with wrong keyboard language install. Keys in the wrong place and the web browser was hard coded to a non existent proxy. Worthless 	0
"Phone came with strong cigarette smell, in addition there are issues with the battery life that was not described on the listing. This was a Christmas present so it was not nice to buy something that was in not in the condition that was described. "	0
Phone came with crazy batter. I bought new one for $10.00 charge did not charge got that one as well for $8.00. Phone it's self been abused 	0
Phone came with crack in the screen cost 100 dollars to fix other than that fine I guess	0
"Phone came with a broken sound/vibrate tab on the left side of phone, so I can not turn my phone from silent to sound without going into the settings. Also My microphone on the phone is broken and came that way. No voice is picked up in video and the worst part is nobody can hear me on a phone call unless I put it on speaker for some reason then they phone will pick up sound. Phone came with 100 % battery life and health. If I was informed about these issues before I bought phone I probably wouldnt have bought it. "	0
Phone came on time unlocked like it said on the description  	1
"Phone came in perfectly, I love it! Seller even shipped it faster, unfortunately my post office couldn't keep track of it but that's besides the point. Thank you so much!"	1
Phone came in condition described.  I experienced some probs that turned out had Nothing to do with the phone/seller. We put to much case/screen protection.  The seller responded to my inquiries within the hour. Overall great purchase would buy from them again!!	1
"Phone came cracked, it looked it had been used before, it is not new as it was stated on ad. I thought I could live with that as long as phone works. Then I charged phone to 100 percent, it usually last at least 4-5 hours. However checking a few sips took a couple of mins and battery went down to 92 percent. What the heck? I'm not buying that crap anymore"	0
"Phone broke after 8 days and only warranty/insurance they offer (for purchase, which I did) does not go into effect until 60 days after purchase.  They offered no assistance when the phone crapped out in less than ten days but more than 7.  I have no respect for this seller.  BUYER BEWARE!!!!"	0
Phone bad working....The first week worked fine ..... And now he turns off and does not work .... Loses its connection ....	0
Phone as described nearly perfect. Was able to switch to my carrier with no problem. 	1
Phone arrives pretty much near mint. Has pretty good battery life. It's sad that Windows phones could really never catch on. 	1
"Phone arrived within two days of purchase. Packaging was very secure and we'll done. Phone is exactly as advertised, brand new, perfect condition, locked to AT&T, I am using a straighttalk AT&T compatible nano sim with zero issues. 4G works extremely fast even with the straighttalk service. If you use the straighttalk sim use the configuration settings from the straighttalk website as all the others on forums are incorrect.  Very happy customer."	1
Phone arrived within a week. Packaging was excellent and condition is 9.5/10. Only noticeable defect is slight wear around usb cable slot otherwise excellent. Phone is up to date software wise. Would use this seller again. Recommend highly.	1
Phone arrived quickly and exactly as described.  We have been using it for a couple of months now and it works great and has a long battery life.	1
Phone arrived quickly and as described but after only 3 days of normal use the microphone is having issues. When in-call I can only be heard if on speaker. The phone has not been dropped or damaged. Very dissapointed.	0
Phone arrived promptly and is in excellent condition. Good quality charger and cable was included. Moved SIM card from my old phone and so far everything I tried is working perfectly	1
"phone arrived pretty quickly  was very happy about that, however when it arrived it had the wrong battery  which i had to order.  not really a problem had i known ahead of time icould have gotten it at the same time.   when i turned on the phone using the charger it was still loade with personal info, pictures and voicemail.  i had to format the whole thing.   something i would never want to give to a stranger."	0
Phone arrived on time and in great condition.  Very satisfied with my purchase.  thank you. 	1
Phone arrived just as described.	1
Phone arrived in perfect shape.. Only problem the sims card was removed- Not possible to activate phone!!! Total rip off Jill	0
"Phone arrived in perfect condition, I moved tracfone sim card from old phone to this one and I was instantly connected to the network. Great price on the phone $10 month (no contract) phone bill...   LG=Life is Good "	1
"Phone arrived earlier than USPS and eBay predicted. Works flawlessly, and photos are incredible. It's exactly what I hoped for. "	1
"Phone arrived earlier than expected, great camera & functions flawlessly!"	1
Phone arrived damaged and screen was cracked contacted seller and sent the phone back. Seller closed out the case once phone was received and ignored my emails in regards to getting a refund. I paid 59.99 for the phone and it's been six weeks and I still haven't received a refund. Didn't even get to use the Damn phone.	0
Phone arrived as described. Did ship 3 days later than stated from seller. Seller used date notifying the shipper as shipped date not the date it was actually picked up. Was able to load contacts and calendar from dead phone without problems	1
"Phone and accessories were factory sealed, packaging looked refurbished overall great product ! "	1
"Phone advertised as unlocked iPhone SE with email confirmation it will work in Canada.  It came locked to TMobile. Vendor unlocked the phone but it still will not work.  Contacted Apple Support and they advised that as it was manufactured to work with US carriers, it may not work with all Canadian carriers.  Vendor will not respond to requests to return.  Do not buy from this vendor!!!"	0
"Phone acting up  You can't access to some apps like settings, photos, and music and other apps"	0
Phone  freezes up at time  very lightweight.  I have phone other brands Sam price with much more better quality in pictrue and over all .   	0
personal use everything works perfect no comparing with other product very fast shipping great product	1
Pero nunca avía esivido el artículo ni la devolucion	0
Perfecto el producto y envío rapidísimo  	1
Perfectly as described. Brand new in an unopened box. Arrived sooner than quoted. 	1
Perfect. Fast shipping! Thanks again	1
"Perfect, just it was described"	1
"Perfect, flawless phone. Has a very tiny small crack on the flash lens but not noticeable or even very important. Perfect condition."	1
"Perfect, as new ad works great!!"	1
"Perfect!! It very good phone! It was only locked frp, now I use it. "	1
"Perfect! We love it...  Phone is not sold at retail anymore, so we're lucky to get this good deal:)) via eBay!"	1
"perfect! The Galaxy S 4 is Samsung&apos;s flagship device for 2013. The S 4 ups the ante of its predecessor thanks to a 5&quot; 1080p Super AMOLED display (PenTile 441 ppi), a pseudo octa-core Samsung Exynos 5410 or quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 600 (depending on region), 2 gigs of RAM, up to 64 gigs of storage, LTE connectivity, and a 2600 mAh battery. Furthermore, the device features additional features such as floating touch and a 13 MP shooter featuring a revamped camera interface. All this brute force is encased in 7.9 mm of Samsung&apos;s well known Hyperglaze plastic finish."	1
Perfect! So happy with this phone. Thank you!	1
Perfect! Just what I was looking for. I was looking for a (cheap) touch screen Blackberry while I wait for my contract to expire.	1
PERFECT! Everything went very smoothly thank you very much for this awesome transaction with you also the product was as described	1
Perfect! Best phone on the market!	1
Perfect with all phone capabilities today for me at least. Takes non-intentional abuse as far as drops to the concreate many times.	1
"Perfect use for car emergency travel,price wonderful,value in minutes and dalivery fast and complete package with charger included, its quite capable for internet as well if needed for electronic breakdown of smartphone,its smart enough!!"	1
Perfect timing. I love this phone. Got it 3 days . i love you guyssss	1
"Perfect size, long battery life, low price with great performance."	1
"Perfect size - big enough to be easy to use, and small enough to fit in your hand.  Designed when Moto was owned by Google, an excellent Android implementation without clumsy attempts to differentiate.  Came with KitKat, but easily updated to Lollipop for the latest features. The screen is super sharp, and made with Gorilla glass for rough use.  Bought it for Tracfone BYOP; a year of service is about $100, including texts, data and phone minutes."	1
perfect service!	1
Perfect seller!! Highly recommended	1
"Perfect screen size, smooth experience. "	1
Perfect phone for me.  \	1
"Perfect phone for me, fast, sturdy and tough! Would buy another samsung again!"	1
Perfect phone for anyone. It is full of features which are easy to use. I have purchased some for my co workers to enjoy.	1
perfect phone for any person i love it and its not very expensive.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................	1
Perfect phone for 4yr old 	1
"Perfect phone ,came with a screen protector, Arrived pretty quickly. Matched photos posted."	1
perfect mobile for the price easy to use great features and applications excelent product great battery life i recomend it to anyone	1
Perfect item like new all transactios was very fast and very cheap item good function and very good price thanks	1
Perfect in every way!	1
Perfect good working.	1
Perfect for all good job	1
"Perfect for a man between 25-45 y/o.  No camera! Good, I want only smart phone not functional phone."	1
Perfect for a child and easy to use! I would recommend it to any parent or grand parent makes communication for easy for any child to keep in contact with.	1
"perfect device as mentioned earlier by all other users, but for me the Sense UI is simply amazing. running plain Android is kinda empty.    but over all the device itself is very handy and great for those who wants latest updates from google android"	1
perfect device  until now no problems  works  100 p=er cent right in time perfct conditions display flawless just good comments	1
"perfect deal, came really quick, brand new phone with no scratches great seller!"	1
Perfect conditions	1
"Perfect condition. Great phone, great price."	1
Perfect condition!  Very nice.  Fast shipping.  Thank you  	1
Perfect condition its new	1
Perfect condition And speedy shipping !	1
"perfect celphone, excellent product, I recommend this product (the Iphone 4 32gb) for all my friends."	1
Perfect and inexpensive!	1
Perfect and arrivedo quickly. Thank you.	1
"Per le dimensioni da tablet compatto, per la capacità della RAM e dello storage, perché ha un Android all'avanguardia e anche un' ottima batteria e poi più che un Honor è anche un Huawei e ha un colore vivace che mi piace molto, un rosso brillante."	1
People say these phones are very slow.not true may not be as fast as a I phone however no where near the price. Great phone and no problems with service from any network in new Zealand	1
"People disregard this phone as being old. But it has Bluetooth, and it's thin and small in my pocket compared to today's huge phones. and with my SD card I have 500 megs of music and videos. Also my plan has no data charges where my friends pay hundreds for one phone and data, I pay $80 for five lines !   I bought this particular RAZR for a backup, since the cell stores only want to sell crap simple phones to get you to buy a cheap smart phone and a data plan, and a connection fee. no thanks, I'll keep buying these Motorola RAZRs "	1
Peoduct was not as advertised and did not work.  I had to return it.    Bought the same phone somewhere else and I love it.	0
Pedí que no enviaran y no me hicieron caso 	0
Pd for phones and never got them. Dont ever buy from this seller we ordered 2.  I had to open up a claim with ebay and paypal.	0
Payment was made on May 22nd verified by PayPal and eBay I'm waiting on the phone to be shipped you have been paid	0
"Payed too much for it not to explode 0/10, no oneless pizzas for you. "	0
Pay at 6/19 9:00am shipped 6/23 after message. 	0
parts of the screen were unclickable/ un responsive to my touch and i had to get it fixed for it to work properly	0
parece estar en muy buenas condiciones 	1
"paperweight original flip timeport, it sucked, i couldnt do much of anything, and it wasn&apos;t active. RECYCLED CRAP"	0
"Pantech clearly needs a little more development time before they are ready to market a phone with the purported capabilities of the Pantech C150.      The first problem is the little joystick button centered under the screen.  You have to scroll it up, down, right, or left to scroll through the menus.  If you push it straight down in the process, you&apos;ve connected to the internet.  (ka-ching!)  You can&apos;t reprogram the buttons.  It&apos;s also a fragile little button, meant only for delicate fingers.    Problem two surfaces when you receive a call.  You can&apos;t hear most of the ring-tones if you have the phone in a pouch, pocket, or purse.  You can set the phone to ring and vibrate at the same time, which helps, but, for the most part,  you&apos;d better have the phone pasted to your body and make everyone around you is quiet just in case you get a call.    The third problem that we found irritating is the battery life.  On the most minimal settings, we got about 8 hours of standby time before the phone needed to be charged.  If you used the phone to talk, that time decreased.  If you used bluetooth, it lagged in transfer and sucked the life out of the Pantech C150.    The keypad lock did not manage to protect from that joystick button connecting to the internet while in a pouch.  (ka-ching!) The security lock even managed to work itself into entering a PUK code while in a pouch, as well. (ka-ching!)    The quality of the photographs are minimal, although you can set the pixel to two different settings.  The movie mode (look out battery) is not superb, either.    I might have thought, seeing all of the other ratings, that I had a bad phone.  It couldn&apos;t be, however, because we have two of them.  I doubt they were both equally sub-par.    In short, it&apos;s cute.  That was the first thing that attracted me to the Pantech C150.  That&apos;s pretty much all we got."	0
"Panasonic G70 is my favorite phone. I love it for some very special features  another phones do not have.    One of the features is the special mirror screen. Once the internal backlight is off, the screen turns into a mirror, so I can do my make-up.     Second, it has included a Biorhythm Calendar, which, once I enter my birthdate, it provides me with my emotional, physical, and intellectual state.     Third, the G70 features a clip in the top, which allows me to attach it to my bag.     Everyone stops to take notice of my Panasonic G70."	1
Palm Treo 700wx of Telus is a smartphone which fontionne under Windows Mobile 5. It is expensive qand same but can be very interesting for somebody who absolutely want Palm with the Mobile advantage of Microsoft Windows 5.  Are screen is very interesting and Palm Treo 700wx is a very solid apparatus. The keyboard is also very well concu. Bleutooth connection is also present what makes it possible to use an ear-phone without wire. The Operating system is also an advantage since Wndows Mobile 5 offer several options very interesting.  Are price is nevertheless to raise considering the absance WiFi connection. Are poid is enough to raise what can quickly become awkward.	1
paid top dollar wont hold a charge now I ship it back and lose more money . why should I bee charged for shipping ???????	0
"Paid more to get a t-mobile phone only to receive the verizon anyway. I thought ""open box"" meant it was new with everything except the tape holding the box closed. I hope this isn't a bait and switch scam So far I am unsatisfied with my attempted purchase 1 star only because it won't let me do no stars"	0
Paid for the item but still hasn't shipped. Tried contacting the person with no response. Trying to get a refund... total scam	0
Paid for over night shipping . Never received item. Messaged seller 3 times the day my item was suppose to arrive. Once at 2pm one at 446pm and another at 7pm.. still no reply from seller. Item stated it was being fedex overnight with a tracking number . Then checked it another way and found out there was a label created for my item at usps but has only been made not scanned or shipped. Now its 1012pm still no answer from seller or item I purchased 	0
"Paid for a phone that could not be connected. Item not as described. Said it was ""ready to be connected to Sprint network"" and it wasn't. Now I must wait until who knows when to get a refund. Bad deal. "	0
PAID AS SOON AS I WON AUCTION. SELLER CLAIMED FUNDS 2 DAYS LATER NOW PLAYING IGNORANT ABOUT CLAIMING MONEY. HAD TO FILE CLAIM WITH PAYPAL FOR REFUND. AVOID AVOID AVOID!!!!	0
"Paid a month ago, still not received the phone..They sent the wrong mail, goods returned.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"	0
Paid 40 for a not working phone	0
Paid $50 for this used. It came in really good shape. This is actually my third one the first 2 were actually stolen and sold on eBay so beware and check ESN #s. I love the screen and gives great picture and video. Internet works great. Pretty comfortable in the hand to hold. Its a really attractive phone for the price.  If this one broke I would buy another one of the same exact phone. 	1
Pague envio para recibirlo 28 julio y estamos a 30 y aun no lo recibo.	0
Package was given the same way it was written. A pleasure doing business with. Would definitely recommend! 	1
Package is as expected.	1
Owner backed out on the sale	0
overpriced for the value	0
"Overall, I am pleased with my purchase. The phone everything and more than expected. Quick, long lasting, and beautiful to look at from any angle."	1
"Overall, a good model! Batareja ensure sufficient capacity in the standby mode, the video and audio mode, lacking some of its strength! Games and radio active labi.Mnuss, quite often take a screen calibration. Problem is the back cover seems to be a little bit loose.  I bought, because this model provides a good relationship between price and capabilities.    Sincerely,  Juris Tarvds"	1
Overall this was an excellent purchase my only concern is that the battery life is a bit short compared to my old Samsung Note II.	1
"Overall the phone itself is amazing and the feel is great. The seller shipped me a phone with a replacement screen that was defective. Needless to say it stopped working, and now they are not taking any responsibility.   The phone itself is near perfect. Just wish the seller had scruples.   For the seller - All I want is to ship in my phone and receive a replacement. I already offered shipping overnight to you. I will take down this review once we talk."	0
"Overall the functions of the phone are as stated, good.  The crack in the armor is that the battery life is poor.  It appears that the battery is in the early stages of needing replacement. I feel that the battery should have been replaced prior to  sale.  The two (2) star rating is being a bit generous in this case.A.D"	0
Overall pretty pleased with the product. 	1
overall it was good.	1
"Overall good shape as described, but battery life isnt too good - probably needs to be changed out as part of Apple replacement program."	1
Overall excellent experience!  A great value.  Product was received quickly and in perfect condition.	1
"Over Christmas I somehow smashed my Samsung &apos;phone and it had given me such good service I decided that Samsung was the only replacement.  However although the phone looked the same it was somehow not the same .The space key had moved from the bottom right hand corner to the top sliding part,I am getting used to it now but if Samsung think this is an improvement then they are wrong.Also when I send a message I get no aknowledgement that it has been delivered just a nasty clunk to say it has been sent.Perhaps I should have paid more and taken more time in choosing a replacement but I just assumed that with it being the same brand all the functions would have been the same.Would I recommend it to a friend .....no!"	0
Over all this is a good phone and it have plenty of space.	1
Outstanding ebayer will do business again. 	1
"Outstanding condition, fast delivery, even though it did not come with an OEM charger the 3rd party charger was very good with capability to charge 2 devices at the same time."	1
Out of every prepaid phone I have ever purchased the Net10 LG has been my favorite and have had no issues with my service provider.	1
Our Aunt is in love with her upgraded new Apple iPhone SE. Once we turned on her Cellular Data shes been using it daily.  Fast Shipping! Thanks seller! 	1
Ottimo. Tastiera virtuale e non fisica. Leggerissimo e molto maneggevole. Sottilissimo e grande schermo ( quasi 6 inch). Devo valutare tutte le opzioni ma pare di ottima fattura (ricordarsi che è stato assemblareto in INDIA su licenza canadese.	1
"Otimo produto e excelente qualidade , uma pena nao vir com o carregador original ."	1
"Other than the battery life it is everything I was looking for & then some. Very easy to use & navigate, operates beautifully. I am very pleased. Thank You!"	1
"Other phones I&apos;ve owned have simpler menus and get you to important features easily. Overall, I&apos;d recommend the phone if you&apos;re on a budget. Not quite used to how the menu is set up cuz its just a tad different then what the bold is. we love the phone though but it took almost 2 weeks to get here after buying but thanks again though"	0
"Other phones I&apos;ve owned have simpler menus and get you to important features easily. Overall, I&apos;d recommend the phone if you&apos;re on a budget."	1
Ordered this phone but was told I had returned it.  Never received.	0
"ordered product that was listed and i got a totally different item, message seller 3 times and no respond, don,t trust this seller"	0
Ordered H831 as it has Android 8 Update. But received RS model with no capability to be updated. The Android version stays at 7 . The ad says it is 9/10 it was really 7/10 and wasnt the latest version. Returned the phone and seller didnt even bother apologizing for sending lower quality and different model! They do business with your money until you return it!	0
"Ordered because it was advertised as 2 day free shipping. 2 days after ordering the phone it still had not shipped, so I contacted the seller and didn't get a response. A few days later I contacted them again and they said they would reach out once they had an update. A week after the purchase I still hadn't heard form them and finally waited till I could request a refund."	0
"Ordered and recieved a locked phone. Switched out thinking I would get another phone, ended up getting the exact same one with the exact same problem, it's not unlocked. Nice enough transactions but give me what I paid for the first time."	0
"Ordered an Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows in early July. The phone I got was supposed to be unlocked but wasn't. The seller first offered to reimburse me the cost of unlocking, and when I initially couldn't get it unlocked, offered me a full refund. Fortunately I was able to get it unlocked. The phone quality is much better than I could have ever expected. For a used model, there is not a scratch on it. Good value and a genuine pleasure to deal with."	1
"Ordered a us cellular phone, received a verizon phone. Customer service is terrible, unable to reach via email, will not order again. Back to Amazon."	0
Ordered a phone and it came in as lost or stolen. Couldnt do anything with it  	0
ordered 2 units one only the bloom lites worked other one had cracked lens got a full refund.	0
ordered 2 phones. they came in quick and was very happy with them.	1
Ordered 2 IPhone 6s phones. They both came in 2 days early and were both in really good condition. Everything works well! 	1
Ordered 2 and 1 would shut off all of a sudden and the other 1 would go ded at 50% of battery life	0
Order phone I read it was refurbished and everything worked get the phone speaker didnt work had to get it fix this was the first day then next day find out the ear piece speaker doesnt work had to take in to get fixed now have to pay 89 dollars to get that fixed after spending 270 on phone very unhappy never do business with you guys again thanks a lot 	0
"ORDER DATE Oct 05, 2016   ORDER TOTAL US $170.00 See description Order LG G Flex 2 LS996 (Latest Model) - 32GB - Volcanic Red (Unlocked) Smartphone  1 item sold by yummysllc2012 LG G Flex 2 LS996 (Latest Model) - 32GB - Volcanic Red (Unlocked) Smartphone LG G Flex 2 LS996 (Latest Model) - 32GB - Volcanic Red (Unlocked) Smartphone ( 172364337626 ) Estimated delivery Wed, Oct 12  The Item was purchased on the 5th of Oct, 2016 and it was said that the delivery will be made by 12th of Oct, 2016. Not until i requested for tracking number yesterday Morning The 14th of October, 2016 before so called ""Tiffany Whaley"" known as 'Yummysllc2012'.  Mind you I have all copies of our messages exchanged and I have reported this issue to my local authority here in Illinois state and that at delivery time with the post master the item will be video at the delivery to confirm the genuity  Then there will be no problem but with your excuse of 'No Returns' and sliky sending late with no apology and those fishy messages.  I am waiting!     "	0
Order canceled by seller If you don't have item in stock  Why you took order	0
Order brand new phone on they send me used phone. Phone just work for 2 days 	0
Order a phone. Got it on time no problem try 2 use it didn't work couldn't get into the phone try 2 work 2 get in the phone didn't work 3 week later...sent it back...	0
"Operating system is outdated and can't be updated.As a result,I can not download certain apps.  "	0
"opens with the camera icon, can be opened by dragging to the side. performed hard key reset several times. stll comes on with camera displayi"	0
"Only works on 2G and 3G.  2G is being phased out, so you're going to be limited.  NO battery, only an empty battery bag.  Still waiting for RMA.  Seller DID refund payment."	0
Only worked 2 days.	0
Only wish it came with a sim card	1
Only supports 2g and there is only a few places 2g still works in America.	0
only single sim is working	0
"Only one thing. It is SO clear, worth every penny!!!!!!!!"	1
only likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly likeonly like	1
only lasted one week the charging port is broken the operating system is crap the screen scratches easily  honestly nokia should stop making phones they have no idea in what they are doing  I will never use another nokia ever  I wouldn't have one even if I was given one for free	0
only isue i can't send pictures as messages i don't know why 	1
"Only has glue on the edges and doesn't stick well. With large air pocket under screen, touch is highly impacted. Doesn't work well with case."	0
"Only had phone for 20 days, it was well taken care of and suddenly would not go on brought it to Metro was told its fried. "	0
only because bought and was not as described.buyer beware I would not deal with this seller again. asked repeatedly about phone. cannot unlock was told seller did not get the money when seller did receive it. unprofessional. would have swapped for another product..	0
only allow you to make or recve call no tex or web came as a nextel  boost only allow you to call hade to buy a new sim card and still nothing	0
"One would think that the seller would have placed Delivery Confirmation on an item that cost over $100. I have wasted my time and MONEY! The USPS is one of the worst ways to have a package delivered. Not only did this seller use USPS, they didn&apos;t get Delivery Conformation. Thanks A Lot!!!"	0
"One wonderful phone por every day. One of the most interestings things is Only Nokia phones Dual sim  are relly DUAL with your handsfree, as my Parrot i9200 in my car, others like Samsung dual sim only work with bluetooh with 1 of the 2 SIM.  Extra long life battery."	1
"One week after I got the phone, I rated it 3 out of 5 stars. The next week, I lowered it to 2 stars. Here's the old review: ""Overall it's okay. Was sluggish and would freeze up starting from day 2. I've had it for a little over a week now, and apps like Instagram or Snapchat often crash or get incredibly slow. Camera is very laggy. Overall though, it gets the job done just fine for a decent price.  Reviewed last night and gave the product 3/5 stars. Then the charger stopped working just now, so I'm reducing the rating. I've had the phone about a week and a half.""  -----------------UPDATED  REVIEW----------------- I've now had this phone for about 2 months and it's just died on me. It won't turn on. It's also been very sluggish before it died. Please do not buy from this seller, even if you're looking to save money on a cheap and simple phone. I wasn't looking for anything fancy, just something that would work at a low cost. Clearly was a mistake."	0
"One thing I like about this phone is how user friendly it is to operate. I LOVE that you can sync music to your phone, creating your own ringtones. Easy keyboard to work with, clear photos, internet is easy to use. The only negative that I can think of, is sometimes the phone will shut itself down when you need a software upgrade. The phone will not prompt of this needed upgrade, but once you download the new software, the phone works great....until the next time."	1
ONE RING TONE? ONE MESSAGE TONE? VERY BASIC PHONE FEATURES AND FEELS LIKE CHEAP PLASTIC IN THE HAND. I&amp;apos;M SURE FOPR THIS PRICE YOU CAN GET A MUCH BETTER PHONE....	0
"One problem I had... the case for it interferes with the ear phone plug. I had to cut part out of the case in order to plug in the head phone plug. This port allows me to connect to my car stereo as well as a boombox that I use at my market booth. So that is not a knock on the iPhone, but a knock on the case makers. Sometimes I feel the apps and th e new new new iOS sucks... its not a Jobs iOS. not intuitive. Some things did not need fixing... and now I am lost in trying to get them to work. The volume of my iTunes are much lower... not use why. The volume limit is not on. I have to crank up the volume in the car and boombox. I can't find how to play the videos that used to easy to find and do. Installing Apps are mow a painful experience.... you did not need to fix it.. .Oh.. and two step verification is too quick... I need to have that window open longer. or why not have it open when I am typing it in... Hey I am 70 and still use my Amiga 2000..."	1
"One of the easiest reviews to write. The build or overall construction of the Blackberry 9810 is solid and of very high quality. Most of the construction is metal and rubber. The buttons feel great and solid even with large fingers. The glass is clear and seems to resist scratching even when in your pocket with other items. Battery life is excellent and re-charge every couple of days. The operating system is fluid and without flaw, clear precise graphics, nice large screen which is touch or with the use of the mouse pad which is also perfect in construction. The apps load fast and multi-tasking is super easy. Email and messaging is the best on the market and is what made Blackberry the choice for business.     Originally purchased to work and has become my most dependable solid phone as of yet. When I travel I use the built in WiFi to stay connected. Unlocked my phone so I can use any sim card which is nice about GSM phones. Built in memory is great but you can also expand it with a card. Video and photographs are more than sufficient to get the point across.     The torch is already a few years old but has aged with grace, still has all the features and social media you need to keep in contact. Pop mail is super easy to set up and Blackberry takes care of configuring it all. All in all this is a perfect phone."	1
one of the best!!!!!!	1
"One of the best smartphones for low price.   It&apos;s fast and easy to handle, it has a big screen.  The screen is bigger than the screen of iPhone 4.  Only...it&apos;s processing speed is a little lower, but it&apos;s OK :)"	1
one of the best seller on ebay... thank you.	1
one of the best non-touchscreen phones for me. I used to have Shadow than switched to HTC Touch Pro and came back to the Shadow because of its design.	1
"One of the best no nonsense cell phones period. Not tons of gizmos that you DO NOT NEED REALLY and that drain your battery faster than you can imagine. This phones got a fine camera great battery life and great reception, THATS WHAT I BOUGHT A CELL PHONE FOR NOT TO PLAY GAMES,VIDEO GADGETS THAT ARE GOOD FOR ENTERTAINING A 5YEAR OLD AND COMPUTER FUCTIONS THAT ARE NOT UP TO THE ABILITIES OF MY LAPTOP!!"	1
one of the best mobile phones i had from sony and it&apos;s really excellent even the features and use. had little trouble when i first installed music and photos in the phone but now every thing&apos;s ok.	1
one of the best flip phones	1
One of the best Bluetooth flip phones I have owned.    Sharp style and easy to you even as a mini PDA.    Chrome surfaces front and back will scratch fairly easy if your not careful setting it down.	1
"one of the best android phones that has ever been produced. The galaxy phone that started it all...I had the s2, s3, and now the s4. This phone is what brought me to android and samsung...and also the phone that made me decide to STAY with android and samsung."	1
One cant say the phone is even used before. Thank you for your trustworthy business. 	1
Once you get it programed it works great. Very happy I purchased this phone.	1
"Once I found Samsung Galaxy phones I have never used another phone. The camera is great, processor is fast, and the screen is a great size. I like the slim look and that it is lightweight. Samsung for life."	1
"On two separate occasions after when item was supposed to be delivered I received ""Out for Delivery"" notificatiokns, item was not there.Was at home when ""Delivered"" by P.O. no phone present.I was Not refunded my money,not happy with transaction."	0
on time and works great! I would recommend this to all my friends. Thanks for listing the phone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
"On the plus side, priced right. fast shipping, nice size, good factory response to warranty.  On the downside, it is very difficult to operate,  Regardless, to what is stated in their write-up there are NO instructions only trial and error on your part until you get frustrated.  I wish it was otherwise. "	0
"On the description it says unlock, it was locked to at&amp;t. No memory card and the battery damage. Bad item"	0
"On iOS 6, the iPhone 4s is great! "	1
On delivery of this mobile phone I could not get into it as it was &quot;PAssword Protected&quot; I emailed the seller &amp; he sent me 3 codes to try. None of these opened my phone &amp; now have purchased a completly useless mobile !!!!!!! Still to this day he has not got back to me &amp; got this mess sorted. Keep well away from him in future. :(	1
"On body it has model SM-G930FD looks like Samsung SM-930F but all body is cheap plastic and don't have steel frame like real Galaxy s7, it has different back camera, and front glass like from galaxy s6 but very low quality plastic and paint. If you will check its menu you will see different model number SM-G935F like Galaxy S7 Edge, but menu is different and very slow. So it's very low quality fake phone with Samsung sign. I don't recommend this bad copy to anybody! :("	0
"OMG! I love it! The only negative thing about it is that the battery gets warm too fast, but EVERYTHING else it perfect! :) Thank you :)"	1
Omg this is a smashing device. I love this phone to death. Everything is amazing. Nothing tops my new Samsung. The new edged design n lightweight makes this phone so awesome. Nothing compares	1
Omg I got a iPhone 7 plus today it's so good and very much fast plus has very fast service	1
"Older phone, no GPS as far as I know, so Verizon seems to strongly discourage using this phone, but it works with some prepaid plans, such as CallWave.  Not sure but it might work with PagePlus prepaid cellular too.  Both of these are about the cheapest prepaid plans (for basic service) that you can get for the Verizon CDMA network.  Note that CallWave will sell you this phone refurb&apos;d for 9.95 shipping with a wall charger and initial 60? minutes prepaid on their plan, then $8 a month.  I am still using mine now, 10 months later.  I have a friend who also uses this phone and he is still month-to-month with Verizon, not prepaid."	1
Old phones from 10 years ago..	0
old old old dont bye if you need a real phone its just a call or text no nothing more its ok but dont bye if you need more	0
"old firefox don`t bay , the firefox os don`t update.  firefox os 1 version is old , do`nt bay this phone"	0
Old but worked well	1
Okay I ordered a 5s Iphone it came two weeks after they promise. Also they stated it was unlock for  T-mobile that wasn't the case as well. I notified Pay Pal it appear that theses folks are fraudulent.	0
"Ok. I had this phone on Verizon for the first phone (V325i) and it was excellent. Every feature worked great. So when I got a silver version of this phone from a family member I believe it was the v323xi? But it had horrible battery for the second phone, couldn;t send or recieve pictures and almost all of the time I got a message back saying that My message had been delivered. I was so happy to switch back to my Jest phone. At first this runs great/but getting it again is a big no no. But it is a very durable phone. For that I think it deserves SOME credit"	0
"OK, so this phone was stated to be ready to activate with Straight Talk with the SIM card enclosed!! Well its not!! I like the phone I just would like to activate the damn thing ! So Now I have to order a new SIM card wait for it to arrive then hope its the correct Card and hopefully activate the phone I received 2 weeks ago !!   And to tell you the TRUTH I wish I had never ordered It from this place, BIUT IT WAS TYHE ONLY ADD THAT STATED A READY TO USE STRAIGHT TALK PHIONE WITH NEEDED SIM CARD, YEAH MY ASS!!"	0
"Ok, it is a cheap 3G flip phone which will do the job but it is very very basic.  Probably why no manual comes with it.  My wife was using an old Nokia flip phone and the difference in quality is night & day. The opening jingle is embarrassingly loud - the only fix is to put it in meeting mode! Texting is a real pain.  My wife hates it and I will be getting her an upgrade. "	0
"ok, be honest, this phone is a dissapointing. its a refurnished phone, however, the phone its self still has the previous owner&apos;s contact numbers. and, there is networking problem with this phone. after i get a replacement from the buyer(takes 2 weeks to get thing done:(  ), the new one seems fine. however its not! the paint of the phone start to fade,,and theres problem with the mic...others hardly can hear my voice. i spend like 70 dollars for this one but what do i get? btw, the battery comes with it is not OEM and it sux...i need to recharge it EVERYDAY. and the phone manual is rediculus. the cover is t39m while the inside content is a t10! what can i say?"	0
"Ok,  First, I am a dinosaur - I have been a BlackBerry user for my entire cell phone life.  I have been laughed at, derided, and have missed out on the ""Cool"" apps.  That changed with the BB PRIV.  What an awesome phone.  BB functionality, Form, keyboard - with the benefit of the COOL APPS. Sorry tp see that Verizon stopped carrying this phone.  Happy to have it and proud to show it off!   Thanks!"	1
OK this phone first off is extremely tacky it is this horrible golden orange color. The phone looks like a cave wall with inscribes and carvings on it. The camera is horrible reminds me of the v710 from motorola but even worse(can u believe that!?!?!) The phone is a cingular phone I tried it out in a cingular phone store in China Town New York. Horrible Phone don&apos;t even waste your time buying it.    Pro: The screen is pretty decent but nuttin spectacular.  Video is better than camera which is kinda weird.(probably because of video ringtones which is pretty cool)    Cons: Everything is bad about the phone.  Crappy stereo speakers  Camera worse than motorola v710  Cool rotating thing to open phone but design and color is horrible.	0
Ok but screen  cracked works  still 	0
ok battery is weak but otherwise worked   great price	1
"Ok , if you are happy with windows 8 and not even the latest update. WON'T upgrade to windows 10. This is the 512 k memory needs to be the 1 k to get any upgrades. Very disappointed . Have (2) other phones on windows 10 and love them. You will find that some apps that work fine on windows 10 phones don't work on this version of windows 8. ie: FITBIT won't work. "	0
"Ojo,. el vendedor es un tanto raro. Ha publicado el anuncio en dos ocasiones. En la primera yo pujé por ese teléfono y, casualmente, cinco minutos del final de la puja, apareció un nuevo sujeto interesado y la perdí. Bien, puede pasar. Pero ahora ebay me manda un correo y veo que el teléfono se vende nuevo. Pero, ¿no había un ganador en la puja? Actuaciones extrañas de este vendedor. Yo ya no me fío y por si acaso aviso a alguien  que quiera comprarlo. ¡Ojo!"	0
often reboot  i'm very angry	0
Obsolete operating system that cannot be updated something the seller failed to disclose. Phone died in a matter of three days. This is being sold with seller fully aware that the OS is useless. A complete rip off. 	0
Objet conforme à la description. Livraison rapide (10 jours) . Je recommande ce vendeur. Great deal.	1
"O celular enviado é remontado; Eu fui até uma loja da Apple na minha cidade e obtive esta informação. O aparelho não tem garantia da Apple. O celular enviado veio com pelo menos dois problemas graves, além de ter sido montado novamente. O som fica presso na saída para fone de ouvido, portanto não tem som no alto falante do celular e não há reconhecimento digital para desbloquear o celular. Esta função não funciona. Reclamei com o vendedor e espero que ele seja honesto e pelo menos me envie o aparelho que foi informado no site para venda."	0
nunca me llego el celular 	0
Nunca lo recibí y no se responsabilizaron perdí mi dinero 	0
"nunca llego el equipo, llegaron unos lentes de sol en vez del producto comprado."	0
Nunca fue entregado a dirección y desde el 2/4/2017 sigo esperando por la devolución de mi dinero 	0
"Numerous faults with the S6.  Gets very hot very quickly.  Battery life poor (can't switch batteries on this model), fiddly little micro sim.  Purchased as present, but wouldn't use one myself."	0
"NOTICE: Reviews shown here are from LG V10's sold here on eBay by many sellers. The reviews do not reflect the quality of the product being sold by this seller. This is confusing and misleading to  eBay shoppers as many people don't bother to see the difference. These reviews are provided by eBay to let buyers know what other people think about the actual product, reviews shown here are not representative of this current listing.  Thank you."	1
Nothing to say being that it was a knockoff from China	0
Nothing to be said. Couldn't activate it. 	0
Nothing really wrong with my purchase physically but sold me a phone that was reset without removing the google security protection and hasnt replied back to me. Now I have to spend extra money to have it unlocked. Completely unsatisfied and frustrated as returns are not allowed. 	0
Nothing like describe 	0
nothing buy phantom screen issues. i should have done my research first. purchased this for my spouse as an upgrade to her iphone 4 which was rock solid for years. the iphone 6s did not last a week. Apple products are not what they used to be. i switched to Android two years ago. much better operating system and hardware manufacturers. never again. 	0
"Nothing better than a Nexus/Pixel phone.  These are a super value at under $100, and all with Android 8.1.  "	1
Nothing against seller phone was sold for parts and that was indicated before purchasing 	1
"Note 9 is one of the best Android devices found even still at middle 2019. S10's are on the go and we are expecting the glorious Note 10, but, for the moment, this 6''plus screen is one of the best devices you can get.  As everything from a predefined device, has some flaws, like the curved screen having some light bouncing to the very edge of the screen glass at peak luminance, and the fact that is an all-glass sandwich, wich requires some care on choosing screen protectors, and a hard case.   Besides all of that, the phone is a generous monster machine, at base specs of 128gb internal storage with extra Memory slot, 6gb of RAM, the super calibrated AMOLED screen, the famous S-Pen with now Bluetooth capabilities and color signature, a whooping 4k mhz battery and fast charging that works with 15W adapters, charging the phone from 0% to 100% in less than 2 hours.   Its a great all round device, and I'm expecting it to last some good years. "	1
"Note 8 is absolutely stunning. Super fast processor, snappy graphics, with S-pen that makes the overall experience wonderful. Hands down the best Android phone ever made. "	1
Note 5 is a great phone 	1
not yet received the item kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm	0
Not worth the money unless you just need it to make calls only	0
Not worth the 60 dollars I paid for it . All plastic. Probably won't last a month . 	0
Not worth it. Warm very quick.  Do not waste your money 	0
Not worth for money !  1. The iphone 5C displayed in this seller's site is marked 'brand new' and the picture displays headfone included. However I didn't find a headphone while opened the box that I received 2. The charging cable says 'Designed in Apple California' however it has visible scratches and signs of usage and is a second hand. 3. The cell phone looks good and loads the software but performance is low and taking too much time to charge and battery drain too fast.	0
"Not working, hate it Just a waste of money never again useless I will not recommend this thing, this unit is not unlocked there&apos;s no use of it need to pay again to unlocked it another waste of money I should have not bought this"	0
NOT WORKING !!!!!if I knew the codition is very serveere I would have not bought it!!!!!      Should not have been sold on EBAY......you are destroying your reputation????	0
"Not work properlty fine, the problem is the first star fine, but when hibernate not turn on again.  This is a bad seller "	0
Not work is lock 	0
"Not what I ordered. It is a different color than advertised, had several scratches on the screen, and the camera is more blury than other identical models. "	0
Not well phone was locked 	0
"Not very happy about my purchase, was not told in post that the volume does not work & cannot watch videos on it from YouTube or such, no volume working at all for ringtones or music. Button works & up all way but no sound at all, I would not have bought it with all issues it has, feel ripped off & disappointed, quick shipping & arrived early. Old phone not worth fixing all the probs! Gonna have to buy another & seller has no return policy so should have been more accurate to all the probs it had! Thanks for hunk of junk!"	0
Not unlocked as promised!! Battery soggy	0
"Not to happy, first time i bought anything off the internest and the battery doesnt hold a charge and it will be returned...."	0
Not to happy with tbisbpbine battery  dint stay charged but couple of hours 	0
Not the type i was expecting Money NOT well spent 	0
Not the same on the pic	0
"not the reall iphone,its a fake iphone"	0
Not the model we ordered and the battery would not hold a charge. Threw it away no one wanted it. And could not get a refund. 	0
"Not the latest hardware but excellent none the less... High resolution screen, light weight, and very nice looking phone. I hacked it right away to put Android 2.1 on it which was an easy upgrade from the 1.6 that comes on it. The buttons feel a little cheap but otherwise it is a great smart phone."	1
"Not the latest hardware but excellent none the less... High resolution screen, light weight, and very nice looking phone. I hacked it right away to put Android 2.1 on it which was an easy upgrade from the 1.6 that comes on it. The buttons feel a little cheap but otherwise it is a great smart phone."	1
"Not the fastest (s8), longest battery (s41), or toughest (s60). But by far the best blend for the lowest price--and a reasonable size."	1
"Not sure what is meant by small form factor, this is a plus phone which is the bigger phone version. This phone is in perfect condition very happy with the purchase and the responsiveness of the seller! Awesome transaction!"	1
Not sure what a small firm factor is. So I can't comment.	1
"Not sure if phone or windows 10, but this windows phone is out of date. "	0
Not sure if I can use the phone or not... I have to pay an extra $50 just to get the phone unlocked. So I was lied to..!!! ALSO THE ADD STATED THAT THE PHONE WAS UNLOKED. I HAVE TO NOW PAY AN EXTRA $50 TO GET IT UNLOCKED... NOT TO HAPPY ABOUT THAT!!! 	0
"Not sure about battery life, haven't had enough time to evaluate. The condition of the phone was as good as it gets."	1
Not specified in the description that had no charger. I indicated to send one and the seller said that it was included.	0
"Not smarthphone, but, is very functional (come pre-charged with a lot of apps utilities and entertainment capabilities, screen capacitive is very sensible, Browser is confortable. Transparent Keyboard, Elegant, sophisticated and revolutionary desing. Remarkable Handset."	1
Not satisfied with this iphone. It has Apple ID paasword in it and the seller never replied to me about the password.	0
not recommended 	0
Not really..	0
"Not really happy with what I got, iPhone is smaller than I excepted! Not cool. "	0
Not really cant hook it to the internet...can you tell me why..sreen was crack to	0
"Not real, this is a  Screenshoot. Doesn't a real seller. Be careful!  Anuncio fraudulento."	0
Not overly impressed that you cancelled the sale as soon as I won the bid. Very disappointed 	0
Not original. But arrived on time. Item was packed in a bubble wrap bag instead of original packing. 	0
"Not only the packaging was damaged but also the phone. And for the way it was damaged, it is IMPOSSIBLE that it was damaged on the way. It was packed damaged, so it wasn't new.  It's a great phone, butn NOT NEW as described."	0
Not new...this item is refurbished one	0
Not new. Outer panel changed to new non genuine parts. Overpriced. Wrong description.  Jammed power button. Not with an original display.  Some parts missing inside.  Dead battery as previously used by someone else.	0
"Not new, have no original accessories, all parts was repaired or replaced to not original.  Do not buy! Lier seller. "	0
"not much to say about it. 1st and 2nd purchase was ok but since i paid for the LGPM325 and got nothing ,i&apos;m afraid to use e-bay and pay-pal agian"	0
Not much memory but that was already known by the description. No big scratches cracks or dents. Good camera.	1
"Not long ago the 5s was the gold standard, still the bomb!!  Value beyond compair. If you don't have to have the newest!!"	1
"Not JD but a review anyway, had the 3s then the 4s & now got the iPhone 5s, I cannot fault these phones other than to say only three things I would change that I think would make them better and they would be: 1. Add a memory card slot 2. Built in wi wifi battery charging and 3. Solar power charging  (Possibly using the back of the phone as a solar panel)"	1
Not helpful at all. i definitely don't suggest this seller. Box only.	0
not happy with these phones they crash all the time lag when using freeze up	0
Not happy with the product I received. The bottom enclosure was missing. I wouldn't mind so much the missing packaging and instructions if the item was complete. All together this item did not appear new.   	0
"Not happy to have this item,very slow in connecting to WiFi..Im going to return this item "	0
Not good. After only a few weeks it no longer works. Occasionally you can get it to but normally it just freezes up.	0
"not good seller. I bay Google Pixel XL but arrived Google Pixel seller agree to refund but praise difference was high then my expense (arrive expense, value added tax 18% and resend expense)  and seller won their lie. and not refund  difference prise Google Pixel XL and  Google Pixel"	0
Not good phone. Especially with the battery goes off in the middle of conversation and I regret purchasing it. 	0
Not good luck with this phone the SD micro never worked seller offered to replace i threw it in the trash phone was okay i&apos;m not a big fan of motorola in the first place i purchased a better phone...but once again the seller did offer to help me and was very nice but i did not want to bother to send back	0
"Not good at all not worth while for price crack screen, bad condition."	0
"Not gonna sell at this price, better just lower it to $199 "	0
Not for everyone. I got mine from ebay. Overall I would say this is a decent smartphone/gps unit.     Would I recommend it? Yeah sure but personally I wouldn&amp;amp;apos;t buy this now at it&amp;amp;apos;s current going rate. 50 bucks tops.    [Update] Battery life is atrocious! The only saving grace is I own a garmin gps and this phone uses the same car charger.    [Update] Screen no longer works.	0
Not even a little bit. 	0
not damaged. not used.	1
Not compatible with Mobile.  Not compatible with Mobile.  Not compatible with Mobile.  Not compatible with Mobile.Not compatible with Mobile.  Not compatible with Mobile.  Not compatible with Mobile.  Not compatible with Mobile.  Not compatible with Mobile.  Not compatible with Mobile.  Not compatible with Mobile.  Not compatible with Mobile.	0
NOT COMPATIBLE WITH AT&T. I went to AT&T to see if I could get the phone activated and they said that new SIM cards that they make do not fit in the slot of this phone and other older phones.	0
Not compatible like stated in details...	0
"Not bad for a backup phone. quite handy.battery is fine, screen resolution is good. but it needs BB data plan to function or you need to have third party apps to use wifi"	1
Not as I hoped :( I think it needs too much to be updated to be good one.  Hope Nokia can make the needed updates	0
"Not as easy to use as my old Motorola, but All-in-All, a pretty good phone.  I don&apos;t need all the fancy stuff, and since I unlocked mine (Call AT&amp;T and give them the IMEA number - they will give you the unlock code so you can do it while you talk...), I can use local SIM cards everywhere I go - Europe, Africa, USA, South America....  I DO miss the voice dial from my Motorola on Blue Tooth, but this one does not do voice dial at all...    Voice transmission is good with both hand-held unit mic and Jawbone Bluetooth.  Audible reception is also good, so communication is good with this phone.    It does have a browser and capabilities that I never used, so if you don&apos;t mind having a &quot;prehistoric phone&quot; (we volunteer at the local High School and are constantly amazed by the kids that have much more impressive phones than we do), it will work well for you.  I don&apos;t care about that stuff, so Mehh?!    I got a few extra phones  at a good price, so I keep one with SIM cards for everywhere I go, and save the local numbers on each one as needed.    I like it, but I guess I am pretty much Old School."	1
Not as described phone was used and had apps installed on it battery would not last no more than 15 minutes took more than 2 days to fully charge	0
Not as described and won't give you full refund!	0
Not any documentation about how to set up the SOS calls.	0
not and received my telephone when be tu giving  the  orders alreaby is one month that I buy.  the have to do something to the respect	0
"Not a Virgin Mobile phone. I was sent a Verizon phone, and I do not appreciate having to now hack my phone to get it to work, in fact, I might not ever be able to get it to work, because it's not a Virgin Mobile phone!"	0
"Not a very good phone.  Isn&apos;t even capable of using a bluetooth, and I&apos;ve tried 2 different plug in ear pieces, both don&apos;t work.    It gives a constant echo and I am going to throw it away very soon.  Bad purchase!"	0
Not a user friendly phone!	0
Not a smartphone (but not too dumb either). I needed this because I wanted something nice that didn&apos;t require a data plan to use. This fits the bill perfectly.	1
"Not a simple phone, it worked sort&apos;ve but not good, the swivel popped off too often, tons of isus not worth the phone"	0
Not a S56. I was sent the wrong phone.  A review of something I did not receive is impossible and pointless.	0
Not a new phone. Screen and case are after market. Scam.	0
Not a high option phone but works well. I bought this for my g/f who doesn&apos;t have much technical know how but she seems to use it with no problems.	1
"Not a great phone at all freezes up all the time, dropped calls, takes longer than normal to get the internet to respond not happy with this phone at all would not recommend  buying search for a better one thought it would have been a great deal but boy was i wrong."	0
Not a good product wouldn't recommend its slow sluggish u can't even download some apps not recommended 	0
not a good phone does not work with one bar wase my t no help ime call tracfone no help on the phone for 1hour his is my 5th phone with tracfone had good luck	0
"Not a good device at all. Thanks for the other thousands out there where we can choose from. Better Price, Name, Features Etc ,Etc"	0
not a good buy. i have to charge it cobstantly because thr battery dies in half hr. thr phonr is very glitchy sometimes the screen blanks off or just stays white.	0
"Not a bad iPhone.  Beats buying a new one, plus I like the iPhone 5 form factor.  Powered up and transferred devices seamlessly, thank you Apple and Sprint.    I have learned to live with an intermittent, where it loses power and reboots.  Acts like a bad pc board connection.  Will probably have it looked at or the battery replaced down the road if the intermittent gets any worse.  Especially if they keep swapping out phones taken in for a simple battery replacement."	0
"not a 16go , low batterie , no cable ..."	0
none of the usual adafruit drivers/libraries seem to work.  Zero documentation in the description on what libraries identifier will work for it.  I bought one from amazon came with a cd absolutely no problems	0
"None of the features, ease of use and value for money are worth praising if the battery is not working.  I would not have not bid for this if the seller warned the buyer the battery is no longer working."	0
"Non US working phone and seller refuses to communicate with me,no internet service outside of home.Request exchange,out of$459.00"	0
Nome gusto el produto sucamara tracera no servia	0
Nokia N9 is not to the expectation. It freezes most of the time after I just take one picture using the camera. It often request me to RESTART. All the applications are not accessiable apart from contacts and messages. The battery life is hopeless because is uses up just in one day on standby mode.	0
"NOKIA HAVE MADE MANY BASIC PHONES OVER THE YEARS,WHILST SOME HAVE RELIABILITY PROBLEMS SUCH AS BLEEDING SCREENS,STICKING BUTTONS,THIN,EASY TO CRACK FASCIAS ETC,THE 1101 HAS NONE OF THESE PROBLEMS,IT HAS A RUBBERY KEY PAD, A SIMPLE, EASY TO READ BLACK &amp; WHITE SCREEN AND GOOD BATTERY LIFE. WHEN THE FASCIA DOES SHOW SIGNS OF WEAR IT IS EASILY REPLACED,A QUICK DIY JOB WHICH NEEDS NO TOOLS. AS IT DOES NOTHING ELSE EXCEPT MAKE &amp; RECEIVE CALLS OR TEXTS IT HAS AN EXCELLENT BATTERY LIFE. IT COMES WITH A SMALL TORCH WHICH IS NO MORE THAN A GIMMICK.TO CONCLUDE IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR AN EASY TO USE DUAL-BAND MOBILE PHONE THAT WILL GIVE MANY YEARS USAGE THEN BUY ONE, YOU WON&apos;T BE DISAPPOINTED."	1
"Nokia 6085 is a well featured cellphone for an affordable price. Camera, bluetooth, radio, mp3 player, and above all, a quad band cellphone with an outstanding reception quality. The incorporated memory is quite small, but it takes a up to 2G mini SD card. All in all, a very good phone for the money."	1
"No. 1 Android with Full HDMI.  In addition to communications,  You can play games with TV LCD 42 &quot;  with the type of games which are very numerous   and not get bored of thousands of games software from Market!  https://market.android.com/details?id=com.teamwin.hdmi&amp;feature=search_result"	1
No working no camagnie can acctivate this phone..in general is not workimg .  When i ask for send back they wad asking to cut my money and be charged for shipong...but if u see in advertisement they talking is free shiping.i still habe this phone as garbidge.	0
no wonder why I got it so cheap..wouldn&apos;t even unlock nor does the touch screen work at all..thanks for taking my money for a non working product..lesson learned..	0
No where did it say this iPhone was iCloud locked and it was	0
"NO way you could fix it yourself. The camera malfunctioned. I am not gonna peel the screen to open up to replace camera. This is totally sucks. I like Samsung 4s better this crappy 5s. I can fix the 4s myself, don't need to peel screen off. Bought it refurbished and the camera wasn't functioning. Now its worst. ."	0
No warranty coverage even though pixel 3 is less than a year old. Beware of this seller. Tried to discuss about the warranty claim. Seller not willing to help. Terrible experience.	0
No warning only lasts about 2 hours :( seller has been kind though is sending new battery. 	0
no vino la carcasa ni el cargador	0
No tracking update nor package arrived	0
No tiene ningún fallo el articulo? Esta listo para su uso?	1
no tiene audífonos?	1
no thanks i dont like to write reviews the only thing i can say is that the phone is not working the way i will like to	0
No sirbe y el bendedor no me regresa mi dinero	0
No simm for this model	0
"No signal strenght, too much static, battery does not last more than a day without calling anyone, Some of the menu items are in chinese (maybe only on the one i ened up with), Overall: really poor quality, not something i would evpect from Sony."	0
"No signal strenght, too much static, battery does not last more than a day without calling anyone, Some of the menu items are in chinese (maybe only on the one i ened up with), Overall: really poor quality, not something i would evpect from Sony."	0
No service coverage in Jacksonville Florida.	0
"no se puede comprar en esta tienda ello venden los teléfonos bloqueado y t mobile solo le da el numero de desbloquearlo a ellos. en esta tienda no ayudan al comprador, y si el articulo no funciona y tiene que regresar lo el comprador tiene que cubrir el traking . el peor servicio de abey lo recibí de esta tienda.  "	0
No se puede aser actualizar y dura muy poco la bateria	0
No se puede activar en PR. Perdí mi dinero.	0
No se puede activar con otra compañia	0
No scratches and arrived fast	1
no recived this product because this seller no exist y me lo cobraron de my account. i need return my money because no receive the product thank you for the atencion	0
No pros. People cannot hear me when I speak to them although I can hear them clearly.  Poor quality all around.  Need to send back item for repair.	0
No problems to report; thanks. qqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq	1
no por que el vendedor nunca envio el producto cancelo dias despues sin justificacion y rembolso asi q no puedo opinar por dicho producto	0
no one is dumb to buy this smh thats like buying a new phone man whats wrong with you people  	0
no me envió un alticulo no sabes vender en ebay  es un ladrón estafa y ebay no es reposable de devolución de dinero 	0
no load cell grabs and off I just want my money not to sell anything they serve	0
No lo ví bien disculpas no me gusta 	0
No lo se enberdad no lp use 	0
No lo pude utilizar porque tiene código según el vender no tiene código a mi no me funciono el telefono	0
No llego como decia la descripción	0
No llegaron los audífonos ...!!! 	0
No issues at all. I play mobile strike on this all day and night. A++++	1
"no i would not buy this product again. my daugher doesn&amp;apos;t like it, she said its slow and it keeps turning off on her.  what ashame."	0
"No I didn&apos;t like it! When it turns off you need to put a code in every time. It has the wrong time always, even when I change it. It dosen&apos;t load all your contacts."	0
"No he recibido nada, hasta ahora. No puedo calificar nada porque no recibi nada. Por favor hagan algo porque. deposite por una moto y resulta que no envian fuera de su pais y yo estoy esperando me devuelvan mi depòsito."	0
"No Hassle, Quick Delivery, Item as described.  Easy and quick purchase"	1
"No hassle, came just as expected. Just the way I like it."	1
no good ok ??????	0
no good .....................................................................................................	0
No funciono con la señal de Costa Rica.	0
"no funciona el flash , trae mensajes emergentes chinos , y al tiempo se pone muy lento , es un asco de telefono , estoy molesto con esta compra. "	0
no estoy ha gusto con este producto porque lo recibí con fallas técnica o de funcionamiento lo cual no lo esperaba 	0
No estoy contento no recibí el producto es una mala compañía 	0
"No estoy conforme con el articulo recibido ,porque he pedido uno segun la referencia de Ebay sobre el articulo y me han enviado uno de otra medida ,osea pedi al que se hace referencis de 5,2"" y me han mandado uno de 4"" ,esto me hace dudar del vendedor "	0
no esta desbloqueado y el pobeedor me estafo y no me responde los msj y ni la llamad ni nada es un estafador no se lo recomiendo a nadie ok pila con el	0
no esta desbloqueado y dice que esta desbloqueado por favor mándame el código de desbloqueo por no puedo poner mi tarjeta sim. por favor mándame la licencia 	0
"No está como se mira en foto, está muy estrellado"	0
No es unblock hubo que llevarlo a desbloquear y se pagò $25 por desbloquearlo...No good!	0
No disappointment at all...	1
No cumplen con las deboluciones dem dinero  ... 	0
"NO compren a este vendedor, no responde nunca y lo remite a Paypal  que lo remiten a Ebay que lo remiten a........."	0
no complaints works great exactly as described	1
"no communication with seller they wont respond at all.  they need to give my friend back his money.     I ended up buying another phone from another seller,"	0
No clear instructions with the phone. We returned it without using it.	0
No charger and i cant activate  	0
No battery. Bad esn. Bought to insert the hard drive from my broken handset. functions as is should now. much easier than replacing a screen. 	1
no battery! no charger - useless	0
"No battery or cover...complete ripoff. Instead of showing the above picture with your product, try selling it with the enclosed picture. I bet you won't sell 1."	0
no battery drains fast	0
No battery charger.  Condition poor (wear and tear).  I would not purchase again.	0
"no back cover, no battery..mint means usable come on now.. mint ?I like eBay but scared of buying bigger items just because of sellers of stuff like these.    Could have been worse...something bad I could have received an empty bag etc"	0
"No accesories missing stylus pen phone does not work unable to register in my network phones IMEI 00000000000000, bad experience"	0
"No accesories missing stylus pen phone does not work unable to register in my network phones IMEI 00000000000000, bad experience"	0
No a great phone poor quality. All made out of plastic and could easily break. It looks good on display but does not function as well.	0
no  really a  good  place  to spend any  dollar   deal with  them  you  will  be sorry    to  deal with  them	0
Nítido como lo esperaba	1
Nítido Bien de Bien n	1
"Nice to use, very low price. Good brains. "	1
Nice size .. A thin device that is easy to hold and put in your pocket . Not bulky like many are .	1
"Nice seller I am gld with the business, upsssssssssssssssssss  very nice................................................................................................................................................"	1
Nice refurbished phone very nice for the price.	1
nice purchase with good features	1
Nice product. Nice cellar. Fast delivery. Thank you very much. Reccomented. 	1
nice product! it&apos;s awesome! big screen! Run fast. But sometime it is hard to hold the phone on one hand.	1
Nice product with fast shipping 	1
Nice price for a phone that has high internal storage and ram. Good feel in hand. Great camera. Overall a winner.	1
Nice phone. Quick shipping. Good value.	1
Nice phone. I liked it.	1
"Nice phone, works like a charm, clean item and looks refurbished in box with new charger A+, fast delivery, totally unlocked I used it on my Tmobile account no issues"	1
"Nice phone, pretty clear screen."	1
"Nice phone, powerful and has excellent camera"	1
"Nice phone, great features, great value!"	1
"Nice phone, great condition. It would make a great music player, alarm clock, flashlight or compass. However, it has no sim tray and is locked to Verizon. Verizon no longer activates 3g phones, making it worthless for that purpose."	0
"Nice phone without a contract , an ok price in like new condition "	1
nice phone that worked well...item was as described..battery and charger was included and in good working order...all the extra on phone was in order and working properly..	1
Nice phone takes good photos. Very pleased	1
Nice phone for the price. Phone is exactly as described.	1
Nice phone for the price.	1
nice phone even when its old.  works great.	1
Nice phone but it kept shutting off every time you place a call or send a text.  I sent it back to the company.	0
"Nice phone better then I thought it would be, fast, smooth, sd card, nice camera, fast charge, low price. better them my old LG"	1
"Nice phone at a good price with a decent length of battery after charging. When used wisely of course, my A + +"	1
"Nice phone and works great, but if you are smart at all you will purchase any where but ebay!"	1
Nice phone and the price was not bad. It arrived early. I look forward to doing business with you again.	1
Nice phone and good price of that 	1
Nice phone and easy to use and great big phone. I love the phone is name brands and I love Sprint. I like the phone and its great to use over seas. Its a great phone to use if you are an older individual and need an easy phone.	1
"nice looking phone, easy to use.  like the dual sliding capabilities of this phone.  also like the ease of texting and the color screen."	1
"Nice looking New phone, too bad don't work with Verizon even when I selected Verizon. Good Luck, Vi~"	0
"nice little phone, works good . The only problem we have is iphone 4 only goes to os 7.1 and apple doesn't support apps for 7.1.  A 5s would be a better choice which will be our next upgrade"	1
"Nice large screen and very slim, great battery life, this phone has a quad core CPU, but only 2GB of Ram so some larger apps may lag on it, when compared to high end phones like the Galaxy 8. The battery life makes up for it and has a decent camera that works well in daylight and lighted rooms.  Dark rooms will make sub-par and burly photos. The can also be lagging when focusing."	1
Nice great phone with great quality. Love it	1
Nice doing business with you.	1
Nice device for that price am amazed	1
Nice android great price	1
nice  phone improvement over S3 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
"nextel black berry 7520 will only let you have talk and ptt,unless you have  att internet then you can use your net to get on your phone,boost internet  will not work on this phone and text will not work either ,don&apos;t someone  tell you it will work with boost because it won&apos;t,i been told by tech after  tech that it won&apos;t"	0
"New may have been a good phone. But i bought it used and when i bought a sim card and turned it on the screen was flipping irradically. And it was as if i were touching the screen w/o me touching it. It even went into the settings and changed a setting...i never touched the screen when it did that. I did turn it off and turn it back in and it didnt do that anymore. It also, closer to the edge of the screen, when i tried to text i pressed &quot;a&quot; and it would never read that i pressed anything.So i was able to get a refund."	0
New Item unlocked ready to use with any carrier of GSM Network Real Good Thank Thank&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;	1
Never..never buy this phone.. I understand that it is an old phone. I bought for my mom and It broke down on 1st day.  Are you kidding me?  You may made some money but you lost your credit.	0
never. receice.  bad. seller. verrrrry. bad	0
Never worked.. went to att and they told me I got a defective phone... was supposed to be working fine...	0
"never worked       no charger !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!bad sale eeshh! gmkfkbmtrb[pgrfpbkl[mg,bvklpwrgm,bvoprpotrpgtbm,trpwfogbormkgfrm,p orm,por,moprgtm,p]ogm,opgrm,]ropw,]wrpmprobtmopgtrmb"	0
never work  this phone!!      This device never worked in my phone network....     and  I do not think reorder other phone with you ...    thanks	0
"never will I buy from this buy packing was horrible, was never shipped when promised, communication to seller was horrible I was given 2 tracking number that did not work and when phone finally came in the keyboard did not work , the scroll got stuck, the phone was not workable, totally not worth the time or money !! dont waste your time with this buyer"	0
Never showed up. 	0
Never shipped the item	0
NEVER SENT THE ITEM.	0
Never send the item  And i cant take my money again 	0
NEVER RECIVED IT	0
Never recieved the BlackBerry and will be seeking a full refund! Absolutely HORRIBLE online shopping experience and this was my first purchase through Ebay! I would rate this transaction 0 stars if I could. Waiting for a couple of other purchases and depending on if they show up will determine if I do any further business with Ebay.	0
never recieved phone and they took my money. inorder to submitt must pick stars I would give none I need 100 characters to post this verry verry bad rating	0
"Never recieved items, the tracking shows that it wasnt delivered and i never recieved a refund."	0
Never Received this Product!!!!	0
Never received the product. Please do not purchase from this seller.  no contact information. I would appreciate my money back.	0
Never received the phone so its a little difficult to rate this phone so why do you keep asking me to rate this phone	0
"Never received the phone despite what seller times2sell said. times2sell sent it to the wrong address. when I e-mailed times2sell, I got the response that it was delivered at Skypost, telling me it's the parent company of Puntomio. Puntomio is the company I use to receive my packages. Puntomio never received the package. Puntomio contacted Skypost. Skypost never received the phone and the statement about R. Garcia signing for it is also false(see attachments). When I tried to get a refund of my money, you(ebay) denied it in less than an hour. So I'm putting the one star because 1) I did not receive the phone.  2) you(Ebay) missed the mark on this one.  I attached 3 pictures (response times2sell, response Puntomio and the usps tracking).  Check them for yourselves and also check my shipping address and the address for Skypost (FL 33126). My shipping address is for this phone is: 7701 NW 15th St Account # CW228996 Miami FL 33106-0001 United States."	0
Never received the Phone :(	0
Never received phone	0
Never received my phone . Complete scam. Got my money back from eBay 	0
"NEVER RECEIVED MY ITEM, BAD COMMUNICATION, FALSE TRACKING NUMBERS. ALWAYS GAVE AN EXCUSE REGARDING SHIPPING. ENDED UP DISPUTING IT WITH EBAY CUSTOMER SERVICE. DEFINITELY DO NOT RECOMMEND!"	0
Never received item. Got message soon after buying that there was a problem with the listing. Knew it was too good to be true.	0
NEVER RECEIVED ITEM NEVER RECEIVED ITEM NEVER RECEIVED ITEM NEVER RECEIVED ITEM NEVER RECEIVED ITEM NEVER RECEIVED ITEM NEVER RECEIVED ITEM	0
"Never received it, seller backed out and never sent phone, no reasons given. after reading all reviews it looked like a real good phone except it needs a different headphone rather than the universal sets."	0
never received it i emailed seller to send it to a difrent address got no response i kept tracking it came to san diego and back to new jersey spoke to post office stated he has to pick it up and resend it if not it goes a into a place where they call it dead mail hundreds of unclaimed mail and packages go // i just want my money back	0
Never received it 	0
Never received it	0
Never Received 	0
"Never receive the product!! Unpleasant buying experience! Called and checked with the seller couple times since I never receive the product; first time the seller said that products lost during delivery process, second time still havent receive the product. The seller told me to contact the UPS, when I called the UPS, it directed me back to the seller. This is absurd! The sellers not being helpful at all, not only he is not helping me to find out about what happened to the delivery of the product, but also being very rude by saying hes not going to help me , he said just dispute the charge, dont bother. What kind of attitude is this? I dont care about the money, couple of dollars, no big deal, but this attitude from the sellers very disturbing. This is not the way to do business and this is not how a seller should treat his customers. This is UNACCEPTABLE! I did get the refund, lucky me. "	0
Never in my life will I ever spend my money with this bastard	0
"Never had the chance to complete my purchase of this phone, seller sold the phone to someone else off the ebay system, and then asked if she could cancel my purchase."	0
Never had a issue from activation.   And.  Its  iPhone best brand and its our brand get one	1
Never got to use it. Never delivered.I didn&apos;t receive it. It somehow dissapeared in route. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx	0
never got the product bad seller 	0
never got the phone. on the post it says only one in stock but then after i had won and paid for it i got an email from the seller saying they &quot;no longer had it&quot; and to &quot;understand&quot; i had emailed before i won asking questions so why wasn&apos;t i informed before hand that the phone was no longer available. now i&apos;m having to wait on my money to be refunded.	0
"Never got the phone, it was either lost by USPS or stollen. It was very hard to get money back, had to file a police report (( seller is not cooperative (( "	0
"never got the item, wrote a response email and they replied back that they&apos;d &quot;look into it&quot; then i never heard back"	0
Never got my phone and is not the first time this happens people are getting jacked shame on this seller fake fake.. ...this is  a fake sale do not buy from this seller didn't get my money back or refund 	0
Never got it. Seller sent fake tracking number and then claimed they broke the phone. I just believe they did not get the bid to as high as they wanted on it. Only one star because they made me put at least one in order to submit this. 	0
Never got it in mail cant get refund  big bummer	0
Never got it after buying really sucks people are scammers 	0
never ever buy a phone thats no longer in manufacture. I regret this purchase as Nokia 2100 was a nice phone in its day but now what you will get out there is out dated and out moded. Beware of eBay sellers	0
Never buying from this seller again 	0
never buy this phone.    its not responding to touch screen and its not getting any wifi signals   its just waste of money and time	0
Never buy from this seller. The cheep bastards never sent me my phone. The Worst EBay experience EVER!!	0
"NEVER buy a auto thru E-Bay.  E-Bay provides no protection other   than to give the seller a negitive review.  The buyer protection thing is very limited and only for gross fruad.  Needs to be read and understand its limitations.  You want an eye opener, get in contact with me and I   will tell you how I lost $5000. and nearly $32000.  and E-Bay will do no help with my only coures now is   to file suite."	0
"NEVER buy a auto thru E-Bay.  E-Bay provides no protection other   than to give the seller a negitive review.  The buyer protection thing is very limited and only for gross fruad.  Needs to be read and understand its limitations.  You want an eye opener, get in contact with me and I   will tell you how I lost $5000. and nearly $32000.  and E-Bay will do no help with my only coures now is   to file suite."	0
Never again Cellular Stream.	0
Network-locked??? 	1
"Negative review, Negative evaluation. The seller deceived me.  Before buying the item I asked the seller if the new item was - the answer was positive. The seller sent not a new damaged phone. The phone has traces of damage and traces of a fall.  The phone has traces of bumps and falls from different sides. In the lower side, where there is damage, the touch panel does not work well. The aluminum frame has traces of bumps and falls. The charger and the USB cable are not new. On the phone there are signs of an autopsy. There is dirt under the lid. The seller  demanded a refund of money bypassing the ebay auction.  The seller wrote me on November 10, 2017:  Take your feedback back. Made it positive. And you can keep the money and the phone. Tell me what you thinking about.... Since you remove the negative feedback and put me +, I will stop the prosecution and I will   close the case. How this look to you?  The seller acknowledged his guilt with his actions.  The seller wrote me that the eBay Customer Service remove negative feedback from him, which I   left. I do not agree with this.  Negative feedback is correct. In his last letter the seller showed disrespect to me. I am very unhappy with this deal! Mike."	0
negative  because the   cell is lock  i have  problem for conect	0
needed one because mine broke and I love the Motorola razr phones. Its in like new shape A+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++	1
needed a replacement price was right 	1
"Needed a replacement phone and bought this one. BUT, it never said anything about NOT HAVING A CHARGER....so, it was WORTHLESS to me!!!"	0
"Needed a phone quickly to replace my Galaxy j7. Bought this s5 used on ebay.   This s5 is definitely much smaller in size. The battery life is bad, but could be because it's about 4 years old.  ... j7 definitely has a lot more updated and newer features which simplify the flow of the phone.  "	1
Needed a phone for my mother this was perfect for her she doesn&apos;t use smartphones it was in great condition and was exactly as described . quick shipment.	1
Needed a new phone. Did not want to pay retail price for it. The phone is like brand new and was priced fairly. Great Job..    Bankovich123	1
"Needed a good,easy to use phone with a larger keypad for ease of use. This fitted the bill perfectly - ok, it&apos;s not a top of the range 3g phone, but if you&apos;re just looking for a phone you can use easily this is the one - just one instance being that the sound is excellent.  As it happens the camera is pretty good too!  I haven&apos;t got round to using all of the features it offers yet, but I expect they&apos;ll be up to the mark and user friendly just as the other functions are.    PS - might be standard to you, and on clamshell phones generally, but I love the fact that it locks and unlocks the keypad on closing and opening the clamshell, saved me a lot of &apos;accidents&apos; and credit on pay as you go."	1
"needed a better smart phone ,this windows phone is much easer to use than my old phone would buy it again"	1
needed a 925 motherboard and this phones board worked great even unlocked already. great deal and fast seller.	1
need refund went to four stores in could not get phone on because no one had a slim card four it so had to buy a new phone	0
Need I say more?	1
Need an unlocked mobile and found your deal interesting. Thanks for the smooth transaction. Its nice working with you.	1
"Need a xtreme phone to a employee, it works, and it handle the load !..  Will recommend it, hase a speakerphone is medium loud."	1
"need a few more apps for the windows OS, but love the phone, great speed, clear screen, easy to use and set up."	1
Não gostei bloqueado a uma operadora nao funciona em Portugal preciso do código  	0
Não compensa! Paguei 1700 reais de impostos e paguei 2085 no aparelho com o frete. Péssimo negócio.	1
naja einfach nurn geiles handy viele spielereien wie die dj funktion der akku hält sau lange und micro sd karte gratis	1
"Nachdem mein Motorola Milestone 1 nach 4 Jahren nun oft nicht mehr so wollte, wie ich, und auch Leistungsmäßig nicht mehr das hergab, wie man es gewohnt war, wollte ich mir den neuesten Nachfolger holen, da ich nicht auf die Hardware-Tastatur verzichten wollte. Nun musste ich aber feststellen, dass aus der Reihe ab dem Droid 2 nicht mehr in Deutschland released wird. Da es nun in Deutschland (aus meiner Sicht) nur Schrott mit Hardware-Tastatur gibt, stand für mich der Import des Droid 3 aus den USA fest, zumal es hier schon fertig Unlocked angeboten wird.  Zu den hier bezahlten Kosten muss man übrigens noch mit ca. 50 Euro Zoll und Versandkosten in D. rechnen, die für gewöhnlich über UPS abgerechnet werden.    Nun zum Produkt selbst:  Positiv anzumerken sind:   + Gute Leistung (1GHz - DualCore)   + Flüssige Bedienung   + Überarbeitete Hardware-Tastatur   + Großes Display (4 Zoll, 960540)   + SD-Karte kann ohne Entfernen das Akkus herausgenommen werden   + HDMI-Out   + Schickes Design    Negative Punkte:   - Vergleichsweise kleiner Arbeitsspeicher (512 Mb)   - (Natürlich) ein zu schwacher Akku, aber wo ist das heute nicht der Fall   - Power-Knopf etwas umständlich zu erreichen   - Fehlender Kamera-Knopf   - Gefühlte 5000 Apps von Verizon, die in D. vollkommmen nutzlos sind und ständig im Hintergrund laufen   - Sprache des Betriebssystems nur auf Englisch und Spanisch einstellbar (Apps können trotzdem Deutsch laufen, z.B. mit der App Local Select)    Die letzten beiden Punkte sind wohl unvermeidlich, wenn das Produkt gar nicht für Deutschland gedacht war. Wer sich dennoch daran stört (besonders an den Verizon-Apps, die auch wertvollen Arbeitsspeicher klauen), kann das Handy auch rooten und sie dann deinstallieren. Dazu würde ich &quot;Motofail&quot; von Dan Rosenberg empfehlen. Die restlichen Exploits wurden anscheinend mit dem letzten Update beseitigt, bei mir funktionierten sie nicht mehr. Ohne die unnützen Apps läuft das Gerät auf jeden fall nochmal spürbar flüssiger.  Viele beschweren sich über das Pentile Display, welches eine gewisse unschärfe ins Bild bringen soll. Mir ist es zwar noch nicht negativ aufgefallen, ist auf jeden Fall besser, als beim Droid 1. Ist natürlich ein Stück weit Geschmackssache, genauso wie das Gewich des Smartphones. Ja, es ist sehr massiv und schwer, aber ich mag es, wenn ich weis, dass ich was in der Hand halte. Wie gesagt, Geschmackssache.  Was den Empfang in D. angeht, hab ich das gefühl, er könnte besser sein, aber er ist auf alle Fälle ok. Schwierigkeiten hatte ich noch keine. Was mir noch sehr positiv aufgefallen ist, ist dass das einloggen in ein gespeichertes Wlan-Netz erstaunlich schnell vonstatten geht, was man vom Droid 1 nicht behaupten konnte.  Die Kamera mit 8 MP und HD-Video-Funktion ist wie bei gleichwertigen Smartphones nix dolles. Für mich ersetzt sie auf keinen Fall eine Digi-Cam.  Der HDMI-Ausgang funktioniert an sich tadellos, bei hängt es am Anfang zwar ein bisschen, das kann aber auch am Kabel/Adapter liegen. Auf jeden Fall eine nette Idee.    Zusammenfassend kann man also sagen, dass man für den Preis ein ziemlich Leistungsstarkes Smartphone bekommt, das in Sich ein Rundes Bild ablegt. Lediglich der zu kleine Arbeitsspeicher ist der einzige größere Schönheitsfehler, der sich jedoch mit entfernen der Verizon-Apps verschmerzen lässt (s.o.).  Ich bin sehr zufrieden damit (und ich habe nicht wenige Ansprüche ;)) und würde das Produkt jederzeit wieder kaufen.  Ich hoffee, ich konnte weiterhelfen und wünsche einen schönen Tag"	1
"N/A.I didn&apos;t receive the item,nobody sent me an email saying what&apos;s the status of the item I ordered,nor was any money refunded to my card"	0
N/A never recieved the phone. The buyer was unprofessional and not helpful. I cannot leave a review for a phone I never received.	0
"My work is very physical, and I use my phone alot. The Elite has been perfect, as it is tough, and small."	1
"My wife's G3 burned up, and she didn't want to learn a new phone.  The G4 is perfect.  Improvements that work seamlessly.  Very affordable price, hundreds less than buying from Verizon.  "	1
My wife only had this phone for two days then she lost it and we had to buy another one	1
MY WIFE LOVE'S IT! SHE IS ALWAYS LOOKING FOR MORE THINGS TO DO WITH IT.	1
My wife loves her new phone!	1
"My wife loved her Motorola razr phone never wanting to part with it until it broke. I went directly to eBay and found one exactly like hers including battery and charger. It wasn&apos;t long before she had her phone back, good working condition, same color, exactly like the one she had! I&apos;m grateful for a place like eBay and the many good and honest sellers."	1
"My wife is hard to please when it comes to telephones.  This phone made her very happy and when she&apos;s happy, I&apos;m happy.  The phone is easy to use, very solidly built and works just like it should.  No bumps, no problems.  I can recommend this phone to anyone wanting an excellent quality phone."	1
"My two teenagers wanted this phone for the larger screen size.  They say  pic quality is better than their i6 and battery life is longer as well.  GTIP:  Even with cloud, go with the largest memory you can afford..."	1
My title says it all.	0
My son was really looking forward to this phone and when it arrived the digitizer sensed touch in only a few spots on the phone. I sent it back and the seller refunded my money... I think.	0
"My son took the battery out and put it back in to turn on and then it went to the white screen ""Blu bold like Us"" and wont go no where else!"	0
my son needed a new phone. i bought this one because it looked like something my son would like. i gave it to him the other day and he said it works great. this is why i decided to buy the item.  : )	1
My son loves this product	1
My son loves the phone. Has had no problems and loves all the features. He says it&apos;s like having a computer in your pocket!	1
My son loved the phone. Very good condition and fast delivery.	1
"My son lost his iPhone and was really distraught. We were going on vacation for a little over a week and he would have been lost without his music. This seller communicated with me immediately and indicated if I bought immediately, he would ship out the same day and I would receive before we left on vacation. Not only did he do what he said, but the phone arrived a day early. THANK YOU SO much for making my son&apos;s vacation - he was really bummed out!"	1
My son is very happy with his new phone.  He&apos;d had several others by a different manufacturer and all had the same issues within a very short period of time after receiving them.  I&apos;ve carried Motorola equipment for years and swear by their product.  We looked for hours and finally settled on this one.  The price was great and he is very please with the quality of service this product is giving him.  Yeah Ebay!	1
"My son is happy with this purchase.  Not the newest model, but it still had the features and memory that he wanted."	1
"My son is at the age where he now needs a cell phone. Of course, he would also need to text! I personally had never texted, so I thought I should buy a phone with a keypad and learn to text before he gets his own phone. When I saw the picture of the phone I loved the great big keypad! I read the details about the phone and it made some sence to me. The SMS text-messaging is what I really was interested in. I figured that once I got the phone I would learn about the &quot;data service&quot; thing and Java and Bluetooth later. Blackberry&apos;s require a &quot;data service plan&quot; this means you have to pay a monthly fee to your service provider for internet or email, even if you don&apos;t want it! This phone also has a &quot;turn wheel&quot; on the side of the phone to scroll through the icons on the phone. It is horrid! To me, this phone is very out dated and almost dinosaur-ish&quot;! It is also HUGE!! like wide and heavy. My suggetion is you go to a local cell phone store and handle the phones, ask questions, try out the features. Then once you have found the one for you, come home, turn on you PC and and find a great deal on ebay."	0
My son broken it in one day.	0
"My sixteen year old son loves this phone. I bought it for him after he dropped the first one that i purchased for him. Great experience, very good phone. Great price for a Great phone."	1
"My sister uses a $300 Apple Phone and my other sister has a $150 Samsung Phone. Both of them have been through over four phones since 2017. The screens on all of their phones, including the ones at present, are cracked to hell. I bought this phone for $19.99 at the beginning of 2016, dropped from three stories, out of my pocket multiple times, it fell in a fountain, a toilet, and in a puddle, and it has thrived past 5 adolescent and toddler nieces and nephews. This is the phone I use now. It has never died despite being waterlogged, and it still has over 11 hours of battery life on a bad day with full use. About 22 on a good day.  'Nough Said."	1
"My sim will not work, horrible camera quality, very low memory unless upgraded, and overall low quality. You absolutely get what you pay for. "	0
My sim will not work with the phone even though it's unlocked. I am asking for a refund please?	0
My Samsung Vibrant phn fell in the toilet last week and stopped working. I purchased this used phn and it looks new. It works great and I am happy i got my phone back. The price was great compared to buying a brand new phn at $400 from T-Mobile.	1
My roommate and I have Sprint and we both had to go outside and sit on the roof of his truck to get reception. I bought this phone and now I can walk anywhere in the house w/o loosing signal!! (roommate envy&apos;s me now) :D	1
"My review of the phone is fine, it's the seller that I'm having a problem with!  Item not as advertised. Will not answer my messages. Vipoutlet sucks!!!! Please do not buy from there."	0
My reveiw Is based the seller poor comunacation the way he lied about the Item ..It&apos;s not refurbished and have a crack on the housing of the phone which separate the screen form he housing ...  Beward of this seller	0
"My purchase of a used T62u cell phone, was for my son (who loses, and/or destroys his cell phones a couple times a year).    I didn&apos;t want to spend a lot of money on the phone, that&apos;s why I chose ebay for my purchase.    I selected this phone instead of one of the other phones with all of the bells and whistles (camera, color screen, etc.) for two reasons:    1. The cost    2. Because it was one of the two GAIT phones Cingular ever had. GAIT phones are nolonger available, only digital phones now. GAIT phones have better reception (or more network options for coverage) than the new phones, they pick up Analog, TDMA, and new Digital signals from available towers. This allow reception in areas the digital phones typically don&apos;t have available.    I am happy with my purchase, it was just as described in the listing on ebay, as were the rest of my ebay purchases to date."	1
My purchase came in better than expected condition. I&apos;m using it to write and respond to this review. Good work.	1
My property manager uses this style phone and he is very pleased about its easy use.  It takes a lot of abuse and keeps on working.  I would recommend this model as a good phone in the contruction industry.	1
"My problem is not with the seller but the characteristic. Samsung piss me off with the  Note 8 with those apps from Galaxy APP; they need to understand we cannot have 2 markets place and play store with Google is enough. Samsung music (when I finish to play a video in youtube or website  is not syncing with my car, it just stop where the video was standing. Give me back the Music player!!!) and clock are badly bad. The phone is too long I prefer it larger as tablet, if I need to change my battery I will have to expand another money to do that, the home button in the corner should be on front of the phone. I have Samsung connect that is futile because I am already get Google Chromecast (HOME).  Overhaul, I switch from Note 2 (the best phone ever Samsung has been made) to Note 8 and I really regret the move. I hope in the future thing is getting better.     "	0
"My previous Nokia 5310 worked great so I don&apos;t know why the one I received from the EBay seller works so poorly. It is supposed to be new but seems to already be programmed with security codes so I don&apos;t know if I received the item that was described. The phone breaks up constantly, I cannot send pics via text which was no problem with the previous Nokia 5310 I owned. I also cannot access the web and many of the words on this phone are misspelled."	0
My phone works great and was delivered on time. Smooth transaction	1
"My phone will no longer charge,and I don&apos;t know why. I have tried everything under the sun to get it to work and it still doesn&apos;t work. I would like a full refund for my purchase"	0
My phone was shipped quickly and the phone is great! Thank you!	1
"My phone seems to work fine, but there are permanent streaks on the face of the phone that cause a glare. So it's hard to see the screen well outside. They don't clean off, it's under the surface or something. Obviously not a new phone like stated. But, my other one is totally done for so I have to keep this."	0
"My phone Samsung  fallacy mega 6.3 was a beauty and services excilent  , I would recumbent  any one to buy are do business with them , thank a gain ."	1
"My phone order arrived before the expected date and is in great working/looking condition! The sim card holder was missing but once I contacted the seller a new one quickly arrived. The customer service is GREAT,  I am a very satisfied first time customer. "	1
My phone is asking me for a password when I'm starting up my phone why is this 	0
My phone I cant use my figure print is not working at all.... and my touchscreen  does not work at times..  not very happy	0
"My phone has never been delivered, despite several messages I received no feedback, tell me when I get my phone or you send me my money ???"	0
My phone had damage to it and when asked to just give a little money back instead of returning the seller states they would not do it. The description said the phone was brand new never used. I think integrity goes a long way and the fair thing to do would have been a partial refund.	0
My phone got water damage over the summer. Months later the logic board finally burned out. This item is exact to the one I removed. Works perfectly.	1
My phone came with the screen loose and not fitting right on the phone ..  Terrible !	0
My phone came in good condition thanks !	1
"My phone came as described and worked great at first. However, after 2 months of using the phone, the camera stopped working, the home button stopped working, the screen stopped being receptive to my touch, and the phone stopped sending correct notifications for apps. I have no idea what exactly happened with it, but it was a complete waste of money."	0
My phone broke on vacation.  I was so happy to see the same brand and style on sale on ebay for a remarkable price.  It was sent right away and I was able to get &quot;back on the grid&quot; in a very timely manner.  Though an old style - the quality of this phone is excellent and I find the style extremely convenient.	1
"My phone arrived within 24hrs and its in mint condition. Seemed like scam considering the unbelievable deal, but it had good reviews so I bought it. I could never regret my decision. Thank you to the seller. "	1
"My phone arrived dead & took a significant amount of time to charge just enough to turn it on. There was damage by the front camera & the rear camera wouldnt focus. There were several apps already open, including a voice memo of someone checking the mic quality. Also, Im not totally sure what model it was, but it wasn't even a 6S. Didnt check much else as Id already decided to send it back."	0
My part came 3 days early was correct to the detail. Staff was very fast answering questions. Nice to know business's still operate at such a high level. 	1
My package was not delivered and sent back to the seller. Totally ridiculous.  I have not ever had a problem with my address or shipping with ebay so I dont understand why this happened. 	0
"My other S5 broke only a month after I bought it. Lesson learned. I got a case for this one BEFORE I got the phone. It is my favorite Galaxy yet. It does exactly what I need it to, it's a good size, and except for NEEDING to be in a case, it's perfect."	1
my order was unlock black phone but you send my metro pcs white phone.	0
My order was cancelled by the seller no sooner than I put my order in!  I cannot say whether it was of good value or quality! 	0
My only problem is the shipping its been in transit for 2 days and it was suppose to be here yesterday. 	0
My oldest baby bro LOVED it :] Was exactly what hed wanted as his gift in every way! Thanks for everything	1
"My older model works better than this phone brand new. You can't do anything with apps on it. It's completely obsolete. Even with an additional storage card and with having rooted the phone, it cannot sync and also has a terrible screen/camera with no flash or light available. It acts as though it was released in 2012?! I'm shocked at the quality HTC is willing to release. Very unfortunate"	0
My old Samsung had cracked glass and it finally gave up the ghost. Couldn't afford a new one so I bought a used off ebay for around $80 with shipping. Works great.	1
"My old phone got wet, so this new one is perfect."	1
"my old phone broke because of water damage, before i had put it in rice that is exactly what it looked like. you can buy this phone if you want but be careful."	0
"My niece loves this phone. The ease of use and white color is the main thing that teens love. The features like Facebook,BB Messaging and texting is what kids want in their phones and this phone is it!"	1
My mother needed a &quot;help Im falling&quot; phone.  This is great for that type of need.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................	1
My mom refuses to get a smart phone and loves this phone.  She is hard of hearing and wears hearing aids and t-coils and she says she can hear great on this phone.  She also likes the separate and slightly raised buttons.	1
My mistake on purchasing a phone I didn't check to see who the provider was. I purchased for our granddaughter who has a prepaid AT&T account. But this phone is a Verizon. The seller should state as such in the listing instead of telling me I should of investigated the provider. As a seller he should state clearly the provider. If you are honest in your listing there should be no problem. I thought I could get this hooked up through AT&T. Next time I will investigate as he suggested. We also purchased a 2year insurance plan that during checkout you get that option to purchase. I realize it wasn't purchased through the seller. But a different company. 	0
"My mistake in buying this product which has no SIM card slot. Total waste, cannot be used at all. "	0
My midframe was falling apart. Found this product that didn't cost much. Was a little worn but it was better than before. Can't complain.	1
My little girl loves this phone. Gave it to her for communicating with me for getting out of school at different times and she loves the apps and internet settings. Thanks again.	1
"My LG V10 has VERY BAD GPS reception issue from beginning. It ran into boot loop issue after 1 year.   LG should have recalled V10 from the market. If you check eBay and google, SO MANY people ran into these problem.   Time and money wasted. "	0
My last phone (lumia 1520) did not fit and kept dropping it. 	1
"My kids love them, they are perfect for them.  "	1
My iPhone is not working 	0
My iPhone 7 Plus was delivered very fast it was in great condition no scratches or marks on screen my iPhone 7 Plus was like new . I will be buying again   Thanks 	1
My husband ordered this when I lost my Straight Talk phone and it turned out to be a HUGE NIGHTMARE!!  NO WHERE on the website does it say or indicate the Zip Code it works in (which is a major biggie for S.T.). You have to submit your code to see if that phone will work with your service area.  Now part of this is on S.T. since it took them almost 3 weeks and four people later to figure out this phone will not work in the Midwest.	0
"My husband love the LG K8 phone so when I found this one he was really happy because his LG K8 was ready for retirement ,  when he finds a phone he like he stays with that phone brand .  He gets really great service were we live here in the country."	1
"My husband lost his XV6800 while on vacation.  Our cellular phone company wanted to charge us $30/month for a data plan if we replaced his phone with a newer smartphone model.  However, since he had a XV6800 previously without the charge and replaced it with the same model, he was able to get the charge waived. Unfortunately, the eBay phone needed to be rebooted 2-3 times per day, which was very frustrating.  In the end, he got a new smartphone."	0
My husband liked the phone but does not like the fact it doesn't stay charged..Battery gets drained while not in use..He closes all apps and still drains	0
"My husband is old school, and hates to learn a new device. His ol Maxx 2 broke, and the Turbo 2 is the upgrade, with faster processor, more memory & shatter proof screen. This has been a great option, so far. We will probably even buy another as a backup, when this one eventually fails. ALL phones will fail at some time."	1
"My husband is not a &quot;smart phone&quot; guy. He needed something old style/flip phone, sharp perception, dependable. The Jitterbug Plus was just what he needed. We were a little mislead or just didn&apos;t understand the extra cost for minutes that we thought were included with the plan. Still, overall, it was much less than what a plan that neither of us need would have cost. We do not live on the phone and just needed something to keep in contact with kids and grandkids. Thank you, Jitterbug and seller. Well worth the purchase. /:-D  We do not use the 5* plan, just the phone service."	1
"My husband has thrown his, dropped it on concrete repeatedly, and it even survived a fire (flames directly on it, sections melted) - the screen did not crack through any of that abuse.  He recently purchased a new one because after the fire it was acting a bit strange, but it still worked.  Our daughter had one, dropped it in the road and it was run over by a dump truck, and it still worked.  It was pretty beat up though (screen was cracked and small sections of the plastic were missing) so we got her another one (this one for this review).  Neither of them have had issues with the battery or storage, or anything, just a great phone and it holds up to anything."	1
"My husband had this phone for 1 week, and he was already complaining about he cant hear, the lost calls, the voice command would not work, it wouldnt ring sometimes, sometimes it went to the voicemail, and we never knew anyone called, unless the left a message or the caller id appeared, and the ohone was on, with the ringer high. Then after 2 months of dealing with sprint, it was replaced with the same one, but a different one, and after 2 months after that, it was dropped from pocket to carpeted steps, and it broke in two!! The flip part broke away from the handheld part, and it was not fixable. CHEAP piece of you know what, but highly expensive and not worth a penny. The sprint guy that it was returned to, did not recommend this phone. They had other people having similad problems. You have it, get rid of it, you dont want it, dont buy it!!"	0
"My husband had a Nokia 6010 and when it bit the dust, I went in search of one just like it. Meanwhile he was given a free replacement, so I got to keep the one I had purchased for him. It doesn&apos;t wash dishes or anything like that, =) but it well serves my purpose and I would buy it again. Enjoyed the whole experience!"	1
"My husband dropped his phone in the bay while fishing, so we had to replace it.  He really likes this phone so the only place we could find one was on ebay.  We got a great deal on it and it really is a great phone for a man."	1
"My husband and I purchased two of these through Cingular a couple of years ago. Since then, each one has developed different intractable problems.     AUDIO PROBLEMS  After about 8 months of use, the audio in my husband&apos;s telephone stopped working. As a result, he couldn&apos;t hear conversations without having his head-piece attached. The phone would ring and ring while he continued to run around searching for a head-piece.     BATTERY PROBLEMS   Shortly thereafter, both of our phones developed an inability to re-charge. You would plug the phone into an outlet at night and the charging indicator light would appear; but the phone would still be on empty in the morning.    MISCELLANEOUS PROBLEMS  We both have experience problems with dropped calls (disregard the commercials). Finally, I have had considerable difficulty switching between lines because of the awkward and non-responsive key pad. When another call comes through while Im already on the phone, any attempt to switch lines will typically result in the loss of both conversations.    However, these phones have served us for two years now. So, for what its worth, they can last an eternity [my husband insists on waiting for them to completely die before we get new phones :( ]"	0
My grandson just got one from Wal-Mart he only payed $200.00 for the phone	0
My Galaxy S5 was getting hot and the battery ran down quickly so got this one galaxy S8+ so far works well and battery stays charged camera better.	1
My FRONT CAMERA DONT WORK 	0
My friend's Galaxy S3 had a broken glass so I bought this used phone to repair her phone. The repair went very smoothly and the part worked perfectly.	1
my friend please stop selling items that you think people can't be use.	0
my friend needed one very fast and it worked out good i would order something from them again  it was well worth it thank you	1
My first BlackBerry since the 9900 and went to iPhone....much better than the iPhone! The seller was great....arrived in ONE day.  Thank you  	1
"My first alltel phone when I signed on in 2005. I got this and abused it a lot. It suffered many drops and even a little water damage and managed to work through all of that. it was one of the toughest phones i owned. nevermind any of the others i owned this was the best of alltel besides my rim blackberry.    by the end of the contract and eligible date the phone looked pretty bad and had glass pieces missing, decided it was the best ting to recycle and forget about it.    HONESTLY, this was very tough. I loved this phone but it was a little basic, so I wouldn&apos;t get it again, but If you need a good basic phone, I suggest this entirely."	1
My favorite iPhone ever. Still love these things even after the iPhone 7 is out. I have a 6 currently but always keep a 4S for a backup phone.	1
My family has three of these phones the work great and they are good for all of our uses. User friendly. Every one of the phones we bought used on ebay and we are very satisfied.	1
My experience with this seller and the product itself was excellent. I purchsed this phone because I broke mine and was in need of a new one. The seller was very accomodating and I recommend him as a seller. The phone is great and better than my original LG MytTouch (except the battery isn&apos;t as good). Overall I am very satisfied and enjoying the phone.	1
my experience with this phone was horrible it cuts on and off often for no reason i regret buying this phone from the seller serously!!!! Never Again	0
"my experience with this phone is, the jack for the headphone are not working properly and the battery is very pass do drain.and i add same apps on the phone be come slow."	0
My experience is that the phone I purchased has a cheap replacement battery; will not make or receive calls unless there is a data connection.  Unless perched within a block of a cell tower cannot get more than one bar displayed.  Contacted FreedomPop for tech support but was told they would only solve problem for a monthly fee.  A different model may work.	0
My employee got his phone wet. I had to have one fast and at a good price. I bought this phone and got it the next day. A great experience.	1
my elder father love it	1
"My daughter was happy. The phone came exactly as described without flaws or scratches. Her new phone was stolen at the school so a used phone was a perfect replacement for her. Why sign up for another number when all you need is just the phone. Highly recommend others to buy from ebay, just don&amp;apos;t outbid me please."	1
My daughter wanted this phone and absolutely loves it.  I wanted to surprise her with it and I did.  It works perfectly.  Great service.	1
My daughter wanted a new phone. I decided to buy it mainly because it was reasonably priced. They shipped it in excellent time frame. Will most likely purchase from them again. Thank you!!	1
"My daughter loves this phone. Pretty color and all the basics included without all the garbage space hoarding apps. Phone has excellent battery life, bluetooth, wifi, 3.5mm headphone jack, and plenty of storage for contacts, photos, music, etc. Very difficult to find a simple bar phone these days, but this one is a keeper. Thank you virtual-depot!"	1
"My daughter loves the phone. No complaints. It's an iPhone 5c, so the battery life is average but it works like a charm. Great phone for a kid.  "	1
My daughter loves her new phone. I thought the price was worth it. She can do more things with this phone. She's upgrading from a windows phone so you get what you pay for.	1
my daughter loved it	1
My daughter likes it and thats saying something!	1
"My daughter jus got home from school,,and the cell was shipped to the exact date stated...(thank u) she LOOOOOOOOOOOVVES HER PHONE,,THANKS AGAIN FOR A GREAT PHONE @ A AFFORDABLE PRICE,,,HAVE A GREAT DAY...CARRIE"	1
My daughter is LOVING the phone!!  I am glad I got it for her!!  Thanks so much!  It was exactly as what was described and in GREAT condition!  Def will buy from this seller again!	1
My daughter decided for me to buy that phone as a christmas present. It reached my house long after christmas with missing equipment and was not working at all. Had to send merchandise back to China which was very expensive and still have no refund. Would never buy from these people again. You cant even contact these people because they apparently dont understand english very well and neither write. Bad place to buy stuff.	0
"My dad needed a new flip phone his,was falling apart so I found this one and it was perfect for him. It shipped faster than expected and was easy to switch the number over."	1
My dad loves them for work	1
"My dad has been using this model phone for a while now and he loves!!! It doesn&apos;t have a lot of features than new phones do, but if you don&apos;t care, then this is a great phone!"	1
My Charge broke a month back. but what a great excuse to switch to a real phone. i have it rooted super clocked and set up as a free hotspot. life is good but this phone is better.	1
"My cell phone now doesn't work.  I don't know what is happening, it has been shut down for 1 month and the screen is green. It appears like it needs a reboot which I did, but it still doesn't work.  I need help please coz I don't want to throw it away. "	0
"My camera doesn't work ,my fifer print scanner doesn't work and my phone shuts off at least every hours . The phone is also REALLY a slow ,I have had it for about a month it should not be giving me this many issues! This phone is trash !"	0
My brother was in need of a phone asap but phones at t-mobile website are so expensive..so i got this phone... he likes it a lot..i couldn&apos;t afford the newer version so has little things like no camera but its  he well like with it... other then that its perfect...	1
"My brother and mothers loves the phones , thanks much Robert"	1
"My boyfriend needed a phone for work, everything looked good in writing about this phone but after a week the phone stopped working!"	0
My boyfriend has one and i loved his.  Now i&apos;ve got one and love the way it works for me.  Only problem that have had with phone is had to replace the speaker in the phone.	1
My bffl has this phone and its ah-mazing! love the touch screen! You don&apos;t butt dial cause there is a lock on it! An the full QWERTY keyboard that everyone dreams of is so easy to txt with! Its a totally rockin phone and i am buying one myself!! Yayyyyyyy! GO EBAY!	1
My be unlocked but can not be used on any other network because of internal programs that cant be unlocked and changed. could only be used on ATT Had to return it	0
My battery won't charge it keeps saying temperature abnormal and then it stops charging 	0
"My bad - bought this to put a simcard in but this model doesn't accept them.  Works fine, I suppose."	0
"my 3 S-4 Mini.  I love the performance and the size of this phone.  That's just a phone, not a big screen TV, not high powered computer.  Makes calls, texts and that's just great....I don't need to spend lots of money for a PHONE.  Enjoy"	1
My 2nd HTC. will never again buy anything else.	1
"My 17 the year old son researched the exact model phone that he wanted and explained his findings in detail. I then assisted him in finding the phone on ebay. We noted the high ranking of the seller and were not surprised when the phone arrived. After enjoying it for a few months, we are just as satisfied with it now. The seller communicated well through-out the transaction. All-in-all, a good experience."	1
"Muy malo el celular, no trae lenguaje en Español. Trae una aplicacion que es imposible quitarla y es muy recurrente y lo peor es que viene en CHINO!"	0
muy malo ................	0
"Muy lindo telefono,muy util y versatil. Excelente producto,muy completo y buen precio."	1
"muy contento con la compra. elegante, bonito, fantastico,economico lo recomiendo"	1
"Muy bueno. Rápido, Elegante,  un poco pesado (característica que a mi me gusta) y la cámara está normal, no esperaba mucho en ese apartado ni era la razón principal para comprarlo. Recomendado para personas prácticas que como yo, consideran que los smartphones actuales ya están bien con lo que traen salvo la batería. Me hace gracia ver compañeros de trabajo con sus celulares pegados casi siempre al cargador mientras yo realmente wireless, felíz y contento, todo ppr un precio imbatible. A alguna gente le gusta presumir de celulares caros, yo por el contrario presumo del mío, barato y eficiente."	1
Muy bueno si es nuevo 	0
Muy bueno me gustan mucho 	1
Muy buena cámara de doble objetivo que permite fotos cercanas tipo gran angular.  Buena capacidad de memoria interna 32GB. El resto es Android de Motorola. Todo OK	1
Muy buen vendedor	1
Muy buen telefono. Funciona perfecto	1
Muy buen producto. Su capacidad lo hace muy agil y rapido.	1
"Muy buen producto, buena calidad"	1
"muy buen equipo y vale cada peso, con muy buenas prestaciones y totalmente recomendable "	1
muy buen equipo posee una camara espectacular con mucha nitidez en foto. muy bueno en relacion precio vs desempeño	1
Muy buen celular.	1
"muy buen celu, comodo, facil de usar, colorido,variedad de sonidos, muy luminoso.excelente aparato. en rosa le da un toque muy femenino"	1
Muy buen bebendedor 	1
"Muy buen artículo, gracias"	1
"Muy Bien, Lo recibí perfectamente en el Tiempo establecido. ¡GRACIAS!"	1
Muy bien todo exelente	1
Must buy love it 	1
"MUITO RUIM, NÃO RECEBE CHAMADAS, NEM DE FIXO , NEM DE CELULAR.   "	0
muito bom gosto bastante do produto quando puder comprarei um pra mim pois é um aparelho super moderno e pratico	1
Mui mala calidad se friza mucho 	0
Muchas gracias   	1
"much chip on bottom, not show in the pic. i hate this description!!!"	0
"Much better than iPhone..  I love Samsung,  easy to use and better quality.. "	1
Much better than expected.  Not sure that I want to go back to the samsung. 	1
"mpré un Xperia Z en 2 pagos (junto al articulo 330707939807) por una suma de 560 dolares, el envío a la Argentina tardó poco mas de 2 semanas en llegar, recibiendo el teléfono a finales de septiembre. A mitad de octubre, con menos de un mes de uso, el teléfono empezó a fallar y dejó de funcionar. Me puse en contacto con el vendedor, ya que en la publicación ofrecen un año de garantía, tras muchos intentos de comunicarme y solo obteniendo como respuesta que haga un &quot;hard reset&quot; al teléfono, lo cual no sirvió de nada, abrí un caso en paypal para resolver el conflicto y llegar a una solución, ya sea que me den un teléfono que si funcione o me devuelvan el dinero. Ahora veo que el caso está cerrado, sin dar ninguna respuesta ni solución a mi problema, he gastado 560 dolares en un teléfono que no funciona y con una garantía que no cumplen."	0
"Moving from an HTC ONE to this S6.  A quick visit to the local T-Mobile store so they could cut the SIM to fit the Nano SIM size, adjust a couple of APN settings and the phone was ready to go!  Also purchased an Otterbox to add to an already rugged phone (teenager uses it).  Excellent in all ways!"	1
Moving forward in the near future I will be using this buyer again. I must say I really enjoy my new phone thank you.  It came with all the Accessories.	1
Movies are not recorded properly. Instructions on various operating modes are absent. Keeps changing applications without prompts. No icon for recording sound when taking movies.	0
"moved from iphone.  was loaded with galaxy and google bloatware, but after researching and disabling the guilty apps, the pop up ads  are gone and the speed is up!  google and samsung are stupid for selling phones slowed down by annoying advertising. but rectified with a week's worth of reading and playing around.  steep learning curve, but very customizable. once rooted it should be even better at adblocking and tracker blocking. note that only exynos can be rooted, so i'm lucky i choose that!  the amoled screen with blue light filter is a real pleasure to look at. the blacks are deep and saves battery too!  wireless charging is amazing, but doesn't charge well with cheap chinese chargers. spend the cash, do it right, buy samsung chargers for samsung products.  takes some time to learn the ropes, but well worth it.  excellent smartphone."	1
"Moved from an iPhone 6 to this, and really like the Windows 10 environment. Everything works better! Battery life, cell signal, Cortona smokes Siri, Excellent free maps program that can be installed on drive so no wasted data, been dropped several times with no case, and still looks new! "	1
Motorola will not unlock the bootloader on these.  	0
"Motorola V620 if it&apos;s new I like it,it&apos;s a good cellular phone.But those that  I bought is not a new cell phone as said in my order."	0
"motorola phone excelent, no disk likes here,cant beat the reception of motorola, the call quailty is excellent, battery life not bad."	1
Motorola is Rocks 	1
"Mostrar forma romanizada  very compliant and good product, my 100% POSITIVE   very compliant and good product, my Rating is 100% positive, a quality product and REALLY GOOD. VERY FAST SHIPPING IS GREAT!"	1
"Most powerful phone on the market, and buying the international version you have full control over your device. "	1
Most Popular Products : Limit Apple iPhone Never Locked 3GS 32GB ( Factory unlocked ) - Only : $475.76USD	1
"Most likely seller printed out wrong shipping address on label . !!! No response from Seller , but I will make them pay whoever made this mistake . No Customer support from Paypal , because item shows delivered on tracking "	0
"More durable than then newer phones.  It is thin and easy to use.  More concerned with how long it lasts, not all the fancy features of the newer phones."	1
"More cosmetic flaws that expected.  Phone calls with this phone 3 times out of 10 go straight to voice mail.  I didn't change carrier and this didn't happen with the old phone.  My phone provider has offered to troubleshoot the phone for me to ensure it is not a carrier error.  I purchased this phone for my husband, received calls sound distorted."	0
"Money well spent. This phone does exactly what it says it will do. My husband wanted a simple, easy to use flip phone that was very durable. So far so good! It was unlocked and was no problem whatsoever to just insert the sim card and start talking. Thank you"	1
Mom insisted on a keyboard. This saved the day. Great price and quick ship. 	1
"Möchte hier keinen riesigen &quot;Testbericht&quot; abgeben, nur soviel: wer auf ein Touch-Handy wechseln will, sollte das Tattoo nehmen! Günstig im Preis und mit überragenden Funktionsumfang!!! Es muß ja nicht gleich ein 400-Euro Teil sein, denn mit dem Tattoo kann man vollwertig in die Welt der Smartphones eintauchen. Es gibt uznzählige (kostenlose) Apps im Netz, Navi läuft prima, Translator auch. Wetteranzeige, individuelle Gestaltung der 7 (!!!)Desktops.  Kurz und knapp - ich würde es immer wieder kaufen! Tut es auch! Ab 180,- zu haben, man muß nur suchen."	1
Mobile phone not working good microsd card dont recogneized seler dont me seel all cabel for sony canon charge nothing ist not orginal ay dont have charger micreosd end hdmicabel	0
Mobile phone not working good microsd card dont recogneized seler dont me seel all cabel for sony canon charge nothing ist not orginal ay dont have charger micreosd end hdmicabel	0
"Mobile network is blocked, not working,....... "	0
"Missing cover for power port so this phone is no longer water resistant, now i must pay return shipping for sellers mistake or lack of disclosure :("	0
Misleading description of item. The item is listed as unlocked and yet you cannot use it will other carriers. Only buy this phone if you use verizon.	0
Misleading ad. I had to pay to unlock the phone.	0
mira quiero sabr mas sobre el telefono y el display y casi no das detalles o foto mas claras del telefono 	0
"Minha filha adorou o aparelho, além de ser muito prático e funcional tem uma cam de 5 megapixel. Valeu!"	1
"Mine broke in couple of months, Sony won't give warranty. Trash."	0
mindig csak azt igérte elküldte de nem jött meg..!!!!	0
Mike does not work in speaker phone mode	0
"Might have been good in 2016, but now they're slower than molasses in February. Yes it has a nice clear 5.5"" screen but the 1.1ghz quad core is not sufficient at all. Battery life is dismal and in the end it's a good beginner phone but not much else. Spend your hard earned money elsewhere."	0
"Microphone is damaged, whom ever I call cant hear me clearly. No parts available. "	0
"Mi experiencia fue TERRIBLE compré un celular el día 30 de abril, supuestamente se demoraba 7 días en llegar hoy es 11 de Mayo y el vendedor no ha respondido mis últimos mensajes, para que me explique por qué mi compra aun no llega. No puedo decir nada sobre el artículo por que no ha llegado! My experience was TERRIBLE I bought a cell phone on April 30, it supposedly took me 7 days to arrive, today is May 11 and the seller has not responded to my last messages. No compren acá. I can not say anything about the arrículo because it has not arrived yet"	0
mentioned shipping date was fake	0
Melissa shipped the product very quickly and it was the correct product.I wouldn&apos;t hesitate to buy anything from her again. She takes care of her customers.	1
"Me llego dañado, exijo que me sea devuelto, ya que se me exigió la compra. por ser subasta.  CAMBIÁDMELO, NO SIRVE"	0
me ha ido muy mal con este articulo . me llego totalmente danado he inservible. y no me quieren devolver mi dinero.	0
"Me gusto el celular buen desempeño, larga duracion de la bateria y estetica excelente"	1
Me gusto ..sobre todo los feature	1
"Me gustaria ver fotos del producto, una foto bajada de internet no acredita que tengas el producto.  Tampoco veo como proveedor tengas seguidores, mucho menos gente conforme. "	0
me gusta mucho la camara 	1
Me estafaron. El microfono no funciona.	0
me encata llego rapidisimo 	1
Me encanto muy bonito muchas gracias.	1
"Me encanta este dispositivo, lo el único defecto, que no se si tenga solo mi dispositivo o todos, es que a veces no detecta las redes y lo tengo que reiniciar, por todo lo demás es excelente.  Lo compre porque estaba buscando un teléfono de gama alta con doble sim, y este si que ha cumplido todas mis expectativas, a pesar de que casi lleno a memoria no esta lento. Lo recomiendo."	1
Me encanta el teléfono 	1
me bad seller status in the publication says it's Samsung s7 64. Edge and neither S7. It is a cheap copy of SAMSUNG S6. REQUIRE THE RETURN MY MONEY.	0
ME AN ROBADO ESTO POR CULPA DEL VENDEDOR NO TIENE CUIDADO EN EL CORREO POR FAVOR TENER CUIDADO HE PERDIDO 260 DOLARES FOKC	0
Maybe the last phone I'll get for awhile. LG and Moto are all in with Mods and all other phones are uninnovative so waiting to be impressed as much as I am with Moto X Force.	1
"Maybe phone is good, but the Seller sent me a fake. And very poor quality. Phone stinks. Gold plating is very weak. I&apos;m not satisfied. Tried to contact the Seller to discuss a refund, so he does not reply to me."	0
Maravilhoso smartphones obrigado 	1
Many thanks to my friend fromNY. I delayed paying because of bank and PayPal discomunication..very patient seller..perfect phone like New everything perfect..	1
manca confezione ed accessori x ricaricare cellulare	0
"Malisimo. Me dijeron que el modelo era Nokia 5329 y me envían el Nokia 5230. Malisimo, me siento estafado. .  Too bad, I feel cheated. I was offered the Nokia 5320 and sent the Nokia 5230. Very bad move"	0
"Malisimo, maps compra, quisiera reembolso Por esto, ya no funciona"	0
"Maldito vendedor, dijo que el celular estaba bien y vino con rasguños en la carcasa y al actualizar al android 9 quedó inservible!"	0
"mal vendedor nunca me quiso devolder mi dinero, es un gran mentiroso solo sabe decir que esta en shock pero a la hora de hacer el reembolso nunca me lo hizo desde el 23/11/2012 hice la comprar y todavia no tengo el celular ni tengo el dinero"	0
mal vendedor engaña a la gente tengo la publicación de cuando lo compre dice 32gb 	0
Mal producto que no vale la pena pagarlo	0
Making fraud in expensive items	0
Make sure you test everything about the phone. Mine has some minor issues but over all still kinda good.	0
"Make sure when you send item back, you got the tracking number by trakc and trace with signature. They reckon as a buyer we're not enough efficient to get money back if item is not correctly displayed or described. "	0
"make payment for an item from Saturday, refuse to send the product, I decided to request a refund of my money"	0
"Make a purchase of this device, which did not send it to my address, I have been in contact with the seller and does not solve anything. Does not show concern for my purchase. I really feel like I've been ripped off"	0
"magnifico celular, buena apariencia, fuerte,buena rapidez de coneccion a internet, buen volumen,facil de hacer hard reset,buena bateria, comodo volumen , rapidez buena para 1Gb de ram, se trata de asus, para su 8 Gb, se le compran 32Gbsd card y se pasan las aplicaciones y sus datos y guardar todo en sd card funciona como cualquier celular caro. lo lleve a Cuba y tuvimos que rutearlo, después funcionó como el mejor"	1
Made a friend very happy 	1
Ma cosa si sono fumati questi? Il raccolto annuale di marijuana nel mondo?!?!?!? $ 85 l'oggetto...... $100.00 LA SPEDIZIONE?!?!?!? MA PER PIACERE!!!!! Mi meraviglio di eBay che accetti/ammetta questa cosa!!!!!	0
"LYING SELLER; sold us a Refurbished Phone As New; refused to honor My suggested credit & hasn't honored HIS suggested credit; Now Ignoring My Emails: B4 u buy request inside of phone pic; mine clearly stated REFURBISHED by Assurion.  After seeing prior reviews no way these are errors: Seller Only Values Your Money, Not The Customer."	0
"Luv this phone! Was just about to click ""confirm & pay"" on a used Galaxy 8+, when I figured, ""let's do something different this time"". I haven't dove into every feature, BUT, everything is familiar if you're a current Android user. This is the first phone where I've actually used the fingerprint dilly-bob but it works like gangbusters & makes me wonder why I've never used it before. The screen is crisp, everything is super responsive, & it feels more premium than the price I paid for it. It's SUPER THIN...which, that may be be good or bad for you, but it makes me nervous since I'm a habitual screen cracker, due to putting my phones in my back pocket & then forgetting & sitting on em. I luv that the steps counter is just on, so if I turn the screen on, it's just there & it motivates me to take a quick walk around the neighborhood. Haven't tested video yet but the still camera handles low light a LOT better than I figured it would.   Cons: The super-pretty back of the phone is a fingerprint magnet, but if you plan to get a case...no worries there. There's a few nag notifications from Huawei. Surpised a few words weren't already pre-programmed into swype but type it once & it'll be there next time. Battery life is good, but not mind blowing. Volume isn't bad, but I've had better. Br"	1
"luv the phones, but this one was faulty and returned it with no problems."	1
Luke the title said. Even worse i reached out to seller and nothing. Im a little sad.	0
Low call volume and you can see ghost of apps on screen that should not be there.	0
Loving my phone thanks 	1
lovely phone.you can use forever.THE COVER IS MADE OF RUBBER WHICH MAKES IT MORE DURABLE.USE IT AND PASS IT ON TO YOUR GRAND CHILDREN	1
Loved this phone like all the other Galaxy phones I have had through he years !!	1
loved the phone in perfect condition please leave me my feed back thanks asap   would love to do transactions with you again if ou have the right stuff fr me to buy thanks again	1
Loved the phone had a problem with first one.Great sevice No problems  returning and got my second phone pretty fast.I will buy from them again.  I even got to talk with a real person not someone from inda.	1
Loved the phone exactly as described no issues getting setup. 	1
Loved the full qwerty keyboard but couldn&apos;t download the latest Androd version. Sent the phone back for a refund.	0
"Loved it, great product, great price. Replaced broken one that AT&amp;T was going to charge $50 more. Thank you, .."	1
"Love: Size, style, functionality    Dislike: Camera is pretty marginal with low quality images. Battery seems to run down quickly and I have to charge it about every other day.     Actually, my first 5310 failed after about a year and wouldn&apos;t charge. The batt was OK, but the tiny charging connector became intermittent and finally failed completely so I had to buy a replacement unit."	1
LOVE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
"love to buy from you, items was in perfect condition love itlove to buy from you, items was in perfect condition love itlove to buy from you, items was in perfect condition love itlove to buy from you, items was in perfect condition love itlove to buy from you, items was in perfect condition love it"	1
"love this product, speedy shipping extremely happy with my purchase needed a new phone this was right up my alley"	1
"love this product, easy to use while texting.  love the pull out board and use of the phone,  unfortunately this particular one sold by the seller   was badly handled and damaged"	0
Love this product!  It was exactly as promised! Thank you!	1
Love this phone. Very clean .like brand new. Also functions like brand new. Definitely one of my better purchases	1
"Love this phone. This is the second Huawei I have had, and will keep buying them in the future."	1
Love this phone. Great phone for the price. The battery doesn&apos;t last over 8 hours even if all apps are closed. Overall a great phone and would recommend to my friends!	1
Love this phone. Great feel in the hand and a great camera! I can see why they call it the pixel. 	1
"Love this phone, the battery lasts for a very long time. "	1
"Love this phone!!! It took much debate with boost to get a new sim, but i finally got it up and running with little to no problems..... Seller is great and the phone is like new with no scratches or blemishes whatsoever!!! Recommend this seller to anyone needing a new phone... Cause it is new... Thx!!"	1
"Love this phone!!!  Missed the querty keyboard, this one has it!  Takes good pictures!  Havened had any problems downloading apps, alot of memory!  The battery life on this phone is great!  last 2days!!  Great android phone!!  Will use until something really SUPER BETTER comes along!!  Can do everything with this phone!"	1
"Love this phone! Very durable and even though it is somewhat simple in its style, it has lots of neat features, like a voice that says who&apos;s calling when the phone rings. It doesn&apos;t have a keyboard but texting is still simple enough. Well worth the money - too bad it is a discontinued style."	1
Love this phone! The battery stays charged all day and I'm on it a lot!	1
Love this phone! It lasts because of the steel casing. The only phone that I like that doesn&apos;t require a data plan with Verizon. Can only find them on ebay!	1
Love this phone! Great battery life. Great apps. 	1
"Love this phone!  The only issue I have is the volume, it is not as loud as others but putting in my earbuds solves that problem, great value and tons of really cool cases for it.  Nice screen, easy to use.  Thanks eBay!"	1
Love this phone my Doughter was so happy thanks man or mam  	1
Love this phone for a simple call and text phone...Seller was great with fast shipping . Phone was in great shape. Description was accurate.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................	1
Love this phone and all the extra options available	1
love this phone although I was unable to use it on my contract carrier I used wifi Line Vox Youtube and numerous other wifi accessable sites.	1
Love this item. Wonderful phone.	1
Love this iphone! the sound quality and the voice quality is great. It has a long battery life. Looks beautiful and does all that i expect from an iphone 8 plus. You cant run out of storage with 256g. Very happy with this purchase. 	1
"Love this design of Sony! The phone looks nice and performs fast. The battery easily lasts more than a day. The sound is really good and loud from its dual speakers. IP68, Quick Charge 3.0.  The phone has both: The type-C port and the Headphone jack too, which makes it even greater!"	1
love these little phones..even though ATT no longer sells them or the proper holster....battery last good...very durable....camera leaves a little to be desired.....glad these are readily available on e-bay...i have 2 for spares and would buy another when needed....ty	1
"Love the way it looks. Everyone stops me to ask where did I get it. Very nice phone, I would buy it again no hesitation. It looks so much bigger in the pictures, I was surprised of its size when I got it home, I expected it to be big but no. GREAT phone."	1
"Love the styling and the simplicity. I&apos;ve had one of these a few years ago and regretted selling it. It might not have a camera and flashy features, bit it is way cooler than anything around at the momen, it&apos;s the right size and it does the job!! I can&apos;t say anything negative about it at all!!"	1
"Love the side edge, gives you quick access without losing your screen. "	1
love the quick ship cheaper than doing a new contract awsome phone beeter thgan the I phone! amazing phone!	1
"Love the product! ""Good deal, fast delivery will definitely order again from this seller"" "	1
"Love the product! ""Good deal, fast delivery will definitely order again from this seller"" "	1
"Love the Plus! I switched from the regular iPhone 6. I like the bigger screen compared to the regular version. I was concerned it wouldn&apos;t fit in my pocket, but it fits fine."	1
"Love the phone. Great feel and size, takes quality pix, easy to use, voice controls anything you ask of her.  At this price for this much memory you cannot go wrong!"	1
"Love The Phone, have it for a month so far and is great, text messaging laggy sometimes but still great."	1
"Love the phone, easy to use, great features. This is my second samsung reality wish they would bring it back."	1
Love the phone! No issues with the phone as of now. Great durable phone. I needed a phone that would last me for a while &amp; this seems like the perfect phone for my business. I constantly drop my phone so I think this one will last me for a long time &amp; the fact that it is also water resistant makes it even better!	1
Love the phone! Fast shipping!	1
Love the phone! 	1
Love the phone very thin sleek design...fast processor and the right amount of memory. 	1
LOVE THE PHONE VERY MUCH. WORTH FOR THE MONEY. NICE AND BIG ENOUGH SO YOU WON'T LOSE IT. FANCY PHONE. OVERALL SATISFIED WITH IT. ***** 	1
love the phone since battery life is no concern of mine. delivery is quick. phone is cheap. love samsung!	1
Love the phone great seller but it didn't connect to my Verizon account. Super sad to give it back. But loved it. 	1
Love the phone but will not accept a sim card..great phone..just didnt work..but it is previously owned	1
love the phone bot no owner manual came with it	1
Love the phone and now have decided to change carriers.  Having a small problem setting this unlocked ATT phone up for use with non-ATT carrier that uses the ATT network. Transferring my old # and already have their SIM--Is there an easy way to do this?	1
Love the phone and great eBay merchant to deal with.	1
Love the phone and great communication.  Phone arrived as described and the seller really keeps you updated on progress of shipping item.	1
Love the phone an all function of it just having trouble sending pictures through test	1
Love the notes ... bigger screen for those size queens... love love love .. yes I love my note  	1
"Love the long battery life and 6"" Display! Also very smooth Android!"	1
Love the finger touch security feature. Great phone. Great battery life. Very easy to use	1
"love the features and the price, but I got a lemmon, it doesn&apos;t hold charge, even after I bought a new battery and updated the latest releases. I&apos;d be skeptical to buy a used phone again..."	0
Love need more items like this	1
Love my phone.  Never going back to iPhone.	1
Love my phone!! 	1
love my iphone 4 im coming from Android so i gotta get the hang of it but i love it seller was gracious enough to send case and 3 chargers	1
"love love love, replaced my mom&apos;s older model with this similar one. saved a bunch of money getting it off ebay... Awesome"	1
"Love love love it, fast shipping, arrived before time "	1
"love love love everything about it.  I have perfect reception, and download ability.. all the time   I would deff rate this phone a +10..... honestly the best phone I have had or owned in years"	1
love it... had few scratches but nothing that wasn't in the description.	1
Love it...  Big screen lot of memory..  Very easy to use..  	1
Love it. Works great as a starter phone. Actual keyboard is the best feature. This is the second time I have bought this model. Last one was lost by my son but worked perfectly until its disappearance.	1
"Love it, fast shipping it's so beautiful"	1
"Love it, fast shipping awesome seller. Phone is perfect."	1
Love it! Major upgrade from my iPhone 6. 	1
"Love it! It arrived on time! I have been using it for months and works perfectly! Really fast, excellent resolution and the baterry last so much!"	1
"Love it! Bigger than my last phone (a bit of a down for me, but great for others, I know), but it has a dual SIM, a SD card expansion, a forever battery life - all very important for me. The speakers aren't as loud as I hoped, but very functional. I'll be staying with this one for a while!"	1
"Love it!  Great phone.  Easy to use.  Don&apos;t know how I ever did without it.  I am finally getting rid of my landline. There is so much this phone offers, I am still learning.  What a gem."	1
Love it will recommend this product to friends and family 	1
Love it very pretty thank you so much and for fast delivery	1
LOVE IT the phone shipped quickly and timely. I&apos;ve used this phone for a few months with no problem will buy again from this seller.	1
Love it right phone right memory right color	1
Love it from time i put my hands on it	1
Love it and thank for fast shipping! Sorry was out of town. But I got the cell which was a gift for a friend and they love it.	1
Love HTC and this bad boy works like a charm.	1
Love everything about this phone! Worth every penny!	1
"Love both the touch screen and the keypad.  Has all the &apos;nifty&apos; newer model BB features.  Slightly weighty, but makes up for it in user friendly interface due to the touch screen."	1
"Love animojis , the OLED display is out of this world "	1
"Love all the features, speaker volume has it hands down vs my old Iphone 4. However, the most important item, signal strength is soooo poor it's super frustrating. Constantly goes into roaming and dropping calls. I am close to a tower. I still have my Iphone activated on the same network, both on Sprint, and my Iphone's signal strength is always 20 dBm better. No problems with it anywhere. Will probably go back to old Iphone if I cannot find a solution. Brought it to the Sprint store. No help other than wanting to sell me another phone. Ugh!!!!"	0
"Love all stuff you can do with it, great programs, great service and the most important thing is that I can make it work 100% in Mexico"	1
"loud speaker don""t work, replace it cost me $60.00 USD"	0
"Lots of scratches on the screen; battery in bad conditions (during less than a day in low use); fraud attempet by their company ""diamond wireless"" - Try to take more two times the value ok the phone on my credit card, my bank  is already investigating. Worst experience on ebay."	0
Lots of restart issues. Caches must be cleared. Receiving or making calls is quite difficult without freezing and rebooting.	0
Lots of problems need to restart over and over until i returned to much for me to handle  	0
"Lots of extra stuff, this phone had all the features I was looking for and more.    I looked at many different phones, and wanted something for metro pcs.  So when I found this one at such a great price, I went for it.  I very happy happy with everthing about it. It is simple to operate and easy to get around on the internet.  this is truely a great phone. Thanks"	1
lot more than what I was expecting 	1
"Lost the ability to charge fairly quickly.  No great features to speak of.  Very simple, but boring and no games or anything.  It isn&apos;t really worth the money, especially for the resale value."	0
"Lost my money,  because this phone was unlock for my country.  Block regional usa. The description say unlock. Bad description.  "	0
los móviles que es estado adquiriendo son muy bueno pero últimamente están saliendo con mas problema que los que indican por lo consiguiente averiaran evaluar para que no siga sucediendo esta oportunidad	0
"Looooong battery life (even under cyanogen mod with custom kernel, almost 2 days working), included fast charger is blazing fast as the phone reaches 100% within 1hour of charging.... Screen is gorgeous, albeit the device being on the thick and big side of things, it's better than plasticky Samsung handsets. Very resistant to fallings. Using it with a Personal 4G SIM in Argentina and works really well with high speeds. Very cheap for what the phone offers. Recommended 100% even for the third world!"	1
looks new and everything is working like it should and arrived on time. we'll  do business with them again.	1
Looks like the screen has been replaced.  The touch screen doesnt function at all  	0
Looks like it would&apos;ve been perfect for my daughter....UNFORTUNATELY if you want it for a replacement phone Verizon/Alltel  does not recognize this phone and cannot activate it!!!! Was a waste of time and money for me...	0
Looks like a new phone 	1
"Looks like a brand new phone, already has a screen protector on it! My daughter is going to be very excited on Christmas "	1
"Looks great. Love the features. Seems to be a rugged, well built phone."	1
Looks great I like it and quick shipment 	1
Looks elegant in your hand 	1
Looks brand new!! Everything as advertised! Wonderful!!	1
Looks brand new! Super fast shipping!	1
Looks and works like new.	1
Looking forward doing business with you again 	1
Looking for note 9 came across two different sellers with the identical review from two separate locations by the same reviewer. 	1
Looked it very much prefer it over Apple  easier to work with	1
"Looked good and worked good, very satisfied "	1
Look out he will Rip you off. 	1
Look like Samsung galaxy but it is a fake some app do not work...fuck	0
Longer battery life.	0
"long story short, he is a crook, he sold me a lost or stolen phone that was icloud locked"	0
long last battery good phone for the price.	1
Long batt. Life and loud ringer 	1
Locks up and must be reset much like the iphone when used as a hot spot. Not bad for what it is. Can&apos;t think of much else to take its place...	0
Locked useless they asked for too much money to unlock them.	0
Locked Phone  Locked phone DO NOT BUY ANY PHONES FROM THIS SELLER!!!! SELLER LIER  STAY AWAY FROM THIS SELLER!!!!  	0
lo primero de imagen que se cree que el móvil está precintado es  mentira es una copia.y para devolverlo es muy difícil está muy lejos	0
Lo mejor muy extraordinario 	1
Lo compre para piesa y lo estoy usando porque esta bien todo funciona bien 	1
"lo compre para mi mama, y pues ella solo lo usa para llamar , raro que use las redes sociales, pues si en tu pais, hay muchos ladrones y solo quieres lo basico, este telefono es el recomendable, tendras todo, a un bajo precio y si te lo roban no sera mucho lo que perderas, pero comparados a otros telefonos, es un telefono de mejor calidad"	1
Llego solo una caja vacía de iphone. Sin ningún producto adentro.  	0
Llego con la pantalla partida y como soy nuevo aquí me toco mandarlo a reparar	0
Little to no scratches. Works great. Very pleased	1
Literally would prefer the original Nokia flip phone (circa 1997) to this piece of $&%t!	0
"Literally the worst phone I have ever owned. I have had 2 of them, both phones freeze on a regular basis, usually when an app attempts to draw over another. The system UI consistently crashes and resets backgrounds, or removes apps or widgets from screen. The second of the two, ( the one I have now) lost it's speaker output less than two weeks after replacing the old one. Don't waste your money. Get an iPhone."	0
"Listing stated device is seller refurbished, but phone came with tons of scratches, dirt caked in the back cover by the camera and by the volume buttons, a crack in the plastic by the call end button, and plastic missing by the volume button. Device didnt seem very refurbished unless your idea of refurbishing is shipping a heavily used phone and putting plastic over the screen that is heavily scuffed/scratched."	0
listing details are not correct	0
"listen, i bought this phone so that i can use with my sim card. now this phone was shiped to me and i realized the phone has no sim card slot. its such a bad deal i have ever had."	0
Listed a barely working galaxy s6 edge plus that was in great physical condition however it barely functions and struggles just to make a call or do anything. Also screen has permanent imagine burned into the center that was not mentioned. Seller ignore all concerns told me it work last time he did use it and he didnt know the screen had an issue. No refunds... BUYERS BEWARE!	0
Límite de app unos 50mb .no permite descargar fotos y música sino tenés una menoria SD.y aunque coloques esta memoria Tampico te permite bajar APP. O actualizaciones .la cámara es muy mala calidad.led de linterna muy baja intencidad.la pantalla igual baja calidad .sistema operativo Android 6.0 .el modelo de celular es GT028 marca 4G.no lo recomiendo .si uno solo quiere solo un smartphone solo para hablar por teléfono y nada más este es ideal .pero no es real 	0
"Liking the versatility and operations of the Motorola V-360 cell phone, I ordered another from SIMONSAYSOEM.  Horrible experience!  It doesn&apos;t work, even after T-Mobile experts in San Diego works for over an hour to get it operational!      Even after reporting the problem to TransAmerica, I still have not been told how to get an operational unit to replace this bad one.    I still need to replace my V-360, but I&apos;m reluctant to try to buy on-line again.  Meanwhile, I&apos;m forced to use my old, broken phone."	0
Liked it so much I recommended it to couple family members and helped them find them. 	1
"like this motorola v710. enjoy the design and use it evrydays, highly recomended this phone to anyone"	1
like this cell phone my phone broken 	1
"Like the small size, fits in pocket. Newer phones are too big"	1
like the small lightweight feel. take pretty good pictures....	1
"Like the price, the phone, the service, smooth transition to my new phone. good overall experience, keep up the good work"	1
"Like the phone, the sellers are idiots.  Will not purchase from them again.  They're also lairs"	0
Like the phone but it is a little hard to learn. Never had one before so it will take some time but good so far.	1
"Like T Mobile service, reliable, fast, better rate plans and the phone is in great shape, just like new.  This vendor truly handled the transaction professionaly, prompt. Thank you so very much for such a smooth transaction.  Shipped and delivered as promised and expected."	1
"LIKE REMEMBER FEATURE. TEXT SEND DOES NOT FUNCTION. PRICE WAS LOW, BUT AWARE CDM MODELS WILL SOON BE OBSOLETE. TOOK FOREVER TO RECEIVE, HAD TO COMPLAIN TO SENDER. EXCELLENT EXTERNAL CONDITION."	0
Like old phone better 	0
like new...works great	1
Like new without the retail price.	1
Like New received the product as described and in time. I would definitely recommend for others. 	1
Like new really great Phone 	1
like everything about it glad i made the right pick of item would buy from you again give you a full 100%	1
"like every about this, keyboard and buttons, great for a work phone, I have dropped this phone many times and it still works,  small draw back is you can not lock the phone with out going deep into the phone settings,  I but call people all the time,  stopped using the speed dial setting for this reason.    later"	1
Like a new view and full of functionality. Great buy. Thank You!!!	1
"Like a brand new phone! Functions perfectly, unblemished in appearance. I couldn't be more pleased. "	1
Lightweight Nice screen with good memory	1
Lightning fast compared to my S7 which laaaaaaaaaged horribly	1
"light weight, size is awesome, battery life is crazy comparing to other phones, ram gets a little congested but it comes with a built in ram cleaner."	1
Lie sceeen was lose and yellow fades 	0
"Liberado y probado, funciona al 100% "	1
LG V20 phone arrived quickly and was exactly as described. Communication was immediate & correct. An Excellent overall buying experience. 	1
"LG V20 is the third LG phone I have ever used. I moved my choice from LG V10 when it went into a boot-loop suddenly. In my personal opinion, this phone will go a long way with me. Small form and slim feel, a real working beast. I wish it came with a more powerful battery."	1
"LG V10's are piles of garbage just like most of their newer phones...the V20, G4, G5 ALL GARBAGE that will brick or go into permanent reboot. I will personally never buy LG products again. My first V10 lasted me 3 years second one lasted me 5 weeks.   Big mistake to buy from MISTYELECTRONICS as they advertise their phones as NEW OVERSTOCK but their phones are in 7 out of 10 condition and last only several weeks. But if you contact them they will gladly give you links to sites that address the BRICKING and reboot issues of their products.  So they know they are selling you phones that will brick.  The best part is they won't even do a partial refund towards one of their other phones for the inconvenience...So rather than make $150 on a $200 phone plus the other $200 they screwed me out of they'd rather just stick with the the $200 they screwed me out of and not make another sale...really stupid on their part since I am actively going to let everyone know on Twitter, Facebook and maybe even my instagram that they are taking advantage of people...and I have ALOT of followers..."	0
LG V10 el teléfono está como nuevo perfectas condiciones liberado de fábrica 100% funcional vendedor 100% recomendado venía con cargador batería cable USB estoy contento con mi compra muchas gracias envío muy rápido 	1
LG Stylo 4 Uno de los megores	1
LG Rumor Touch LN510 good phonaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa	1
"LG Marquee advertized as 4g, but not really. I found out it is 3g. Overall is a great phone! Downfall is the battery life! Phone is very much like others"	1
LG L55C - Black (Straight Talk) Smartphone is not meant to be used in other countries other than California. I wasted almost $60 in buying two of this smartphone only to find out that the code can not be broken.Is a good smartphone but buyers outside California beware!!!!!!!!!!	0
"lg kp500 phone is a very comprehensive despite its low price, has a very elegant design is fairly light and bring your own pen"	1
LG G8 Thinq a must have if you are into high quality cellphones	1
"LG G4 VS986 Just got the phone, been reset, very few apps installed, no pictures stored on the phone. 1. Touch screen not all ways responsive, double tap to open not working. 2. Display not bright enough Auto checked or uncheck. Adjust the brightness and most of the time it changes back so dim I can not see display. This happens in a dark room as well as outside. 3. Lag when typing. Often type 5 or 6 words before they start to show, when they do its missing words or completely misspelled. 4. Voice to text not working. Half of the time not getting the notification alert to begin speaking. When I do it takes a long time before it display what I spoke and then only half my speech is ever displayed. 5. When locked, getting nag messages ""Unlock to see important message"" unlock and it's nothing important. Fix some in App, Notifications but still to many useless annoying nag messages."	0
"LG G2 verry good phone excellent I buy this phone for me ,I compare to my phone HTC this phone is fast"	1
LG flip phones are great phones but getting hard to find. So happy to find this one and it new.	1
lg f6 ms500 storage limited to 1.27g it not much memory to update all app after update it eat a lot internal storage memory not much internal storage memory left in my phone	0
"lg f6 is a good smarthphone i love it, had a quick remote to use with your tv. has android 4.1.2 and dual core 1.2Ghz"	0
"Let&apos;s face it: The ONLY reason a person buys this product is for it&apos;s durability. There are no bells and whistles, it&apos;s functions are basic, it&apos;s heavier, bulkier and more unnattractive. I knew this when I paid it&apos;s higher pricetag but I counted on the fact that even if it did fail (as some reviewers said it did) that I was guaranteed a new phone fast. Bottom line? My screen broke within a month, the microphone went within 4 or 5months and the speakerphone option was always so poor as to be unfuntional. I turned in the phone and have now been waiting a month to receive a replacement. If I could walkaway with even SOME of my money that I paid - I would. In retrospect I now know that the iPhone has a cover that protects it from a two story fall (but not water) and Verizon has some military rugged phone that I could&apos;ve unlocked. All for a similar price."	0
"LET US KNOW IF IS NOT A RECALL PHONE, WE NEED TO KNOW IT. THANK YOU!"	0
"Let me first just say that my Nokia N72 is about 1-2 years old now. It has held up quite well since the day I first got it, and even after being dropped on the floor countless times, even down the stairs once, it still looks good as new.    The camera has decent quality, and it also allows you to edit the photos in various ways. The built in calendar and alarm are useful, and so is the video/photo album. It has everything I could ask for, and the quality of everything on this phone is  great! I had a Samsung phone before this one, and the Nokia certainly beats it in terms of photo quality, ease of use, and the speakerphone is better.    In conclusion: Nice, attractive, easy to use, solid phone!"	1
Le téléphone est cracker  des 2 côté et gapps étais pas la donc j'ai passer 3 jours a cherché avant de figuré et le vendeur d'la criss de marde déconseillé	0
"LE SONY XPÉRIA Z1S C6916 N'EST PAS NEUF,MAIS EN RÉALITÉ IL A ÉTÉ RECONDITIONNÉE  ,NOUS L'AVONS TESTEZ CHEZ UN RÉPARATEUR  MOBILE ,parfois il séteint tout seul .     IN REALITY THIS PRODUCT Z1S C6916 SONY IS NOT NEW BUT REFURBISHED . WE HAVE HIM(IT) MAKE OUT A WILL AT A MOBILE REPAIRER . Sometimes he goes out alone"	0
"Le produit est neuf et dans un emballage scellé ; par contre il est  impossible de le faire fonctionner car bloqué chez un opérateur américain. Mon conseil : évitez de l'acheter sauf si vous voulez en faire un objet de décoration . Il n'est pas normal que cet objet soit vendu pour la France alors que le vendeur doit savoir pertinemment qu'il y sera inutilisable. il aurait ete plus honnete de preciser sur l'annonce "" usage exclusif aux Etats unis "" ou ""seulement pour pieces"" PS : le vendeur ne reponds pas aux messages via eBay ."	0
"le fournisseur n&apos;a pas été en mesure de procéder a la livraison du produit car il avait atteint les limites de son stock , cependant, il figure toujours sur la liste des produits a acquérir."	0
Lcd not working black 	0
"Latest model,its a privilage to have it,portable,  many features in one,smart and durable,adorable and above all user friendly."	1
lastimosamente lo compre pero me mandaron otro modelo ise el reclamo pero pague por el producto y lo envié de nuevo pague... y hasta el momento me han estafado en ebay. ya que no lo respaldan a uno como comprador. teniendo todos los documentos que lo respaldan como comprador de este sitio yo no los recomendarian por que me siento que me robaron en este sitio se lo compre a esta persona muy mal vendedor velasquez2323 y se lo envie de nuevo y ni me responde ni me apoyan departe de ebay.	0
Lasted just over 30 days before fatal failure. Cosmetically phone was fine. Phone arrived quickly. If you decide to buy one of these phones used buy the insurance if you can get it. LG won't give a warranty for product purchased off ebay.waiting to see how much LG wants to repair the phone.amazing how the phone lasted through the 30 return period then crapped out. I can not recomend this seller nor would I buy from again. That being said the product was delivered as described and it was delivered quickly. However from the date of purchase we did not get 30 days use of the product before it failed so we are unhappy campers. 250 dollars down the drain. Buy be ware!	0
"Lasted 3 months before burning up. Yes, sparks! I did not know led's can fry until now."	0
"Larger screen, great camera, lots of security features."	1
"Large screen, curved display, cool unique features, great phone if it doesn't have a blacklisted imei from the seller."	1
"Large Memory 512Gb; 256Gb microSD; Great Resolution; Lighter, thinner, Long battery life"	1
Laptopaid did me right. I got a great phone at a great price.	1
Lamentablemente la bandeja del chip estaba rota lo demás la placa estaba liberada y funcionaba bien	0
"Lady from tracfone was suposed to send me a link to samsung s7 32gb phone. Instead she sent a link to samsung s7 16 gb. Phone. Which i did not catch till after i ordered it. So i called her back and she said she could not cancel order and go ahead and receive phone shipment then click return to sender , .. the phone was suposed to ship to dallas,ga. But ended up in portland , Oregon , ups ground ! .finally got here 28th, ordered on the 11th. Sent phone back last friday priority mail ,got a notice this AM saying cant deliver to address.  "	0
"Lack on app store and to get ggogle play store is a long process Good audio and call quality, music apps an radio  Not windows phone havethe traditional nokia style Overall ok for the price "	0
"la verdad bien, le falta talvez que sea octa core, pero lo demas todo joya"	1
la paNTALLS SE VE BASTANTE BIEN LA FUNCIONES INCREIBLE PERO LA PILA SI SE VA DE VOLADA la paNTALLS SE VE BASTANTE BIEN LA FUNCIONES INCREIBLE PERO LA PILA SI SE VA DE VOLADA	1
"La mejor opción que pude haber escogido, envío super rápido y sin problemas. Totalmente recomendable"	1
"La cancelación dice que hay problema con mi dirección, pero no me dice por que, es mi dirección normal donde me llega todo "	0
"la camara trasera no sirve, debieron especificar eso, las fotos salen muy borrosas"	0
"La cámara es de muy mala ,, tiene un movimiento permanente en la imagen y baja calidad, a veces se bloquea, no funciona el desbloqueo con huella digital, la batería se descarga muy rápido   Resumen:  Una gran decepción!"	0
La batería se calienta mucho y la batería se descarga rápido	0
LA BATERIA NO DURA NI 30 MINUTOR Y CUANDO LA PONE A CARGAR DE 0 SUBE A 51% DESECCIONADO 	0
"La bateria esta bien?  El touch ID aun sirve?  Soy de peru , el iphone esta para cualquier linea del mundo?  Demora en cargar el iphone? "	1
l phone was way worse then the person described and the cover when you flip it open it feels like is lose a little now the person doesnt want to leave me a feed back cause l left the feedback they deserve and l dont think thats a reason for them to not leave me a feed back when l did my part and paid for it on time. thanks for your time.	0
"l just love this phone and all the features that comes with. From it's sleek style to it's dual sim feature and 128gb of space, to it's speed and fluidity. I bought this phone used.. but as the seller stated it was slightly used, and in perfect condition. Not a scratch or dent and no defect to this phone internally. Excellent choice for me!"	1
"Kyocera Brio - Black (Sprint) Cell is in overall a good phone. Nice big screen, many good features.. The texting keys are little too small.. and one big thing I HATE is that keeps on freezing! I have to get the battery out and restart phone every time that happens.."	0
kings-wireless dont order from this fake seller its not safe 	0
"Kind of weird to get started up. It's carrier locked and I have no idea to unlock it. I don't think it has WiFi but it has Bluetooth, came with a charger / battery. It's pretty good so far. "	1
"kijgtihjgelijglkjnolejr;gejljgke;rkjg;erkgdjlgdfkgm;lejt;lerklge;rogje;rjgloejtpe;rj;gperkjgpoerjp;erkjtperjtperjtperokpr5tup5ojorhjpofhodekoey;erkjojfeprhjerkehjperjoejpejhygpoerkjprekpeem  rgtrtkjgper eriyperiyp eriergiype  peuy eiyper ertiper eriuhyp er y eptihetih tehe rth ert hre th theipuhptrohyp;rfghpert ypeu perigeiteioeptjyp 5upujgpfr gypryu pertype5uy  pe4 yp peiypeiuy0 y5oiyoryujper ypiupyper p    pt yiptyuhj  ptuhprt rtuhpruhp rpp uhrptihp rty h0tuypriy  p tyupt iyp tuy rpu hpr hpu pr hbhpri h rthu pryuruypr jy0rpu hrp hbpr hbruhprh pgru h pryhgp rijgheoiu eriyperhju prhprptoyptioyjhprt peroiyeoryjoerijy;e;js;eoitrj;jth;oaersijt;yj;&apos;rsotj&apos;wrhirthj;rwthj  phojwrthjohj;rthj ptjhtiojhpjrhptohyj rtjyh ithj; rjth&apos;; rtjh ;trhj;rhj;or o;jh;oitjhotjh ;roth j ;otr etihjoritj h ;lro thj;oritjh;rwohj ;oij;otrkjhtiuhj ;tohjiorfjtioyuhjtroypriyoithjpoitjuh;prs;lthroitjy;persotkhjpotijhorlisyo5tiypotjyhiospoersjys; r ij;uh&apos;wprotr;ijh;otihu;ti &apos;rt;oijyk.rtiuhjyjth; itkjhyut oly5ryhrotiuhyjortjhortjhrltj h.lkrthj;p r ijh;rtuh ptihi;&apos;ot&apos; tijy ttoijyhr hgery r &apos;ritk lorgkhjjgfjgrp oihjg  tiijhio   itjhithjioriuhjtrhj  trjhorlthj;oirtjh;otjuiolrtiujehurhtjorjhgotrjhoirlihjorijoldrijye;iyoeruogfjhkruhyoerpjhortfiuh;rp;okjhp ipkj hlro ypr8ypotjhluph  rtokh&apos;p rhk;drthjtj hlorijholfrhjrroikhjorkliruhjorlitkgjhoflu=-rt iyjo5iuy95uyoit jhofjhfuh o56tuyjoritjhfk8yu po5rtliuhyjo  ryj5rtoyihjrthojbhoo upp iuhprti hl r 8;rl ijtyldrojhdrtiyjhrjh .d,ritjhnkrjjg;8eryjj5tyjtug;eoiygt.ghitj hj thjritirkj yiotjuhireruyjit8ihrupeurjnteourhntgojhgtrkthjior   tijhitheighoruejgeoiugtrhurthjroihorhriohjoritjhirhuyghjiorthjoijrthirth."	1
"Keys are too small. Charger arrived damaged, almost unusable. The phone itself was in fair to poor condition, was listed as better than this."	0
Keys are to small. Instructions not clear on operation.	0
Kept closing apps. I ended up returning it. 	0
"Keeps shutting off while using it, otherwise it is a good phone."	0
"keeps freezing and turning off ,i dont know if its the phone or new technology. i had note 4 3 years ago it was the best phone even better than the s8.But now i have to go back to s8 "	0
"Keep in mind, for the price. Do not expect a $70 phone to perform like a $900 phone. However it runs well on Windows 10, better than on 8, and any missing apps can be functionally accessed through the browser, such as YouTube.    I've added a 128GB memory card to side load movies, books and eventually podcasts. While the internal memory is only 8GB, choosing to have apps loaded to the memory card solves that problem.    Microsoft Maps will load to the memory card as well as all the downloaded maps, still the best mapping application out there. I also have an iPhone and MS Maps beats Apple Maps and Google Maps hands down. We have 2 Mercedes (2001 and 2014) and this makes those $1000+ mapping systems look like junk, we drive with my phone in front of the MB displays for navigation.   "	1
"Keep away from it, no software/updates Samsung support anymore, danger of starting a fire, not allowed in planes etc. etc. Buy some other phone!"	0
"Kann leider keinen Testbericht schreiben, weil ich den artikel nicht erhalten habe, obwohl ich ihn über paypal bezahlt habe!!!!!"	0
K over all this phone is a amazing pda. The size is about the same as Blackberry just a little thicker and touch screen very responsive. Battery life decent.     Happy with the phone so far.	1
Justamente lo describido por el vendedor  	1
"just would not turn on,  bad move on my part.  not a good phone  wish it would work but since it dose not, i donot recommen it to any one,"	0
Just what I was looking for to replace my 12 yr old Nokia.  Start up on the LG is bit slower than the Nokia but ok.  Easy to use.  	1
"Just what i was i was looking for, at a great price! i checked everywhere i could think and found this phone just in time."	1
Just what I wanted an easy simple phone to use.	1
"Just what I needed when my phone took a swim.  Good price, accurate description and ultra fast delivery."	1
Just what I need.....indestructible!	1
"Just what I have been looking for. My husband is 40% blind and has arthritis so the touch screens are out. He likes the flip phones with buttons and I like getting on the internet, so it is the best of both worlds for us that is sold in the USA. I had been looking at something out of country until I found this phone."	1
just wat i whatednnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn	1
"Just wanted to say I was really impressed with the condition, and battery life of this phone. I preemptively ordered a replacement battery as often times the batteries on these are not so great.. which turns out I didn't need in this case. My expectations were exceeded. Thank you for a great deal on a great phone."	1
"just want to be clear that i bought this mobile and the seller only mentioned that was locked by google, but after i receive it i found it also that is locked by Rent A Center code,,  At the end i have paid 255$ with a bulky mobile that i can't use it!!  i contacted the seller and he said that i sale it as a spare parts, and im answering him that the reason of buying it was according to his mobile description as he didn't mention at all that it was locked by Rent A Center.  Thank you,,"	0
"Just tried to activate the phone and it is NOT compatible with my Safelink carrier, because it is NOT a 3G phone.  The list I looked at for Safelink had to have been outdated.  "	0
Just the way i like	1
Just the right size for me !	1
Just shipping the orders instead of holding them for a week	0
Just setup pre-paid service and phone seems to be functioning fine. Have not used it enough to test battery life. Will update as phone gets more use. 	1
Just seller canceled my order reason they said buyer requested for cancellation which is I never requested this is fake transaction I hope eBay closed their account 	0
Just received my order today.	1
"Just received my IPhone 5s and could not be happier. Does everything as expected and works great. The 5s is smaller than the 6 or the 7 which for me is better. The phone has a very rugged frame and is very durable compared to the other I phones. The one thing I don't like about the iPhones is the new updates cause you to forever have to use the home button. I would have to say ""more than I like"".  Figgy "	1
Just purchase two one was so slow the screen would time out on me. and the second one stop working after the setup. I am still waiting for then to ok the return.	0
"Just phone like 10 years ago nothing new  ,NET 10  no transfer minutes anymore .No Camera: No Mp3 Player: No Memory Card Slot: No QWERTY Keyboard:"	0
just one awsome dependable cell phone another great nokia product with all the features that I need to do what I do and talk about long life the battery will last and last and last theres alot to be said for lithium batteries and Nokia knows just what to use in their product to give the customer the best experiance when it counts ....&quot; Nokia &quot;... why would you use any other brand ?	1
Just like new.   Works perfectly.   Really love it!!! 	1
"Just like everyone else has said, works for maybe 5 minutes then freezes. Oh well, fun toy for the kids now!"	0
Just like described a little ruff but in good working condition and great price thank you	1
Just like brand new. Not a mark on it. Very impressed.	1
"Just installed two of these in the ceiling light fixture in the garage.  I would like to warn all that these are somewhat bigger than the average light bulb, that said, they fit the fixture I intended to use them in and have increased the amount of usable light without increasing the wattage/heat since the fixture is rated for (Max. 60 w.).  I really like the 6000k or cool light they project.  They are very close to daylight which is great for this application although I would think twice about using them indoors as they are so bright.  I usually prefer a warmer light temp. for indoor use however, if you have an area of your house where you want to have maximum usable light without a lot of heat, these are for you. Oh well, it's been about six months since I installed two on these in my Garage and one has already burned out.  For the money you'd think it would last longer than that!"	0
"Just holding in your hand is a unique experience. It feels substantial, and is most definitely is. It would be easier to tell you what the phone does NOT do.   If you call someone you have known for years by the wrong name, N9 can't help you. Had you asked to take their picture first, face recognition would have save you embarrassment.  Lost and about to be late for a first date, N9 can guide you right up to her lips, but it can't teach you to French kiss.  Class notes N9 can dictate, translate, incorporate, and investigate but it can't make you study and will refuse to cheat in any state.  ...............I can't remember anything else but N9 WILL remember everything from now on with EIGHT TIMES more storage than the Note 8, the OnePlus 5T, and the $999 iPhone X.  Trent Anderson"	1
"Just got my new Blackberry and it works excellent. Fast delivery and everything like promised.... Perfect, Thank you"	1
"Just got it yesterday, heven&apos;t got enough time to play with it.  But so far I love it, excellent phone reception (which is most important).  Nice design, good applications.  So far GREAT experience.-"	1
Just awesome... I am really impresive with this Phone and the price. 	1
Just as the seller said it would be. Came in fast and I love it	1
"Just as promised.  New, in a box and perfect."	1
Just as ordered!  Seller is very nice to work with. This is one of several phones that I have bought from this vendor for my family and we have never had a problem with any of them. Great value and works perfectly. Highly recommended. 	1
Just as I thought it has problems. First when I got it it was dirt on the insides and it wouldnt let me charge iit.later iit showed that only one speaker worked. 	0
Just as described. Works great! Converted my Android sister to Apple with it!	1
Just as described.  Brand new in box!! Fast shipping only 2 days!! 	1
Just as described.  :)	1
just as described!	1
Just as described thanks for the fast shipping 	1
Just as described love it would buy again everyone should buy here	1
JUST AS DESCRIBED CAME IN GREAT CONDITION AND A GREAT PRICE WILL BUY FROM THIS SELLER AGAIN BUYERS BUY WITHOUT FEAR	1
Just as described and working great so far! Thank you***	1
Just as described and fast shipping!!	1
Just as described and excellent quality and speedy delivery..brand new	1
"Just as described - works perfectly well, no issues with battery life/etc., and only minor scratches/scuffs on the phone. Satisfied."	1
Just as described  Thanks	1
Just as described 	1
"Just as advertised, also asked for an extra favor in the package and was followed through with perfection!"	1
Just as advertised !  	1
"Just a stupid phone    !!!    THE ATT VERSION IS GOOD, BUT THIS IS A NO GOOD PHONE!!    Hello guys, up for reviews today is a phone I once used for tracfone the motorola c139.    1st phone, it worked good, i was in the bathroom flushed the toilet and down went the phone, of course it was dead after this and it was gone to the sewer.    2nd phone. Had this phone with at&amp;t service, instead of tracfone, I noticed a possible ui change, better service and the fact you could use this as prepaid or personal because AT&amp;T does not put a sim lock on pay as you go sim cards.    The phone wasn&apos;t that good for texting but it was pretty good also for just the games, I got addicted to the one where there is the ball and it is kind of like brick attack, found on most keyocera phones, but i totally forget the name.    3rd phone, was tracfone i got it for my sister, it was washed in the hose, fell and got sprayed an a red dot to prove this. got the screen to change colors and call different people from her contacts, tried drying and then it stopped even working as even a phone, it would go to the tracfone turn on screen reset itself and do it again until you did something like press a button itd go off, or the battery would die.    it still mysteriously charged, so it was used for a moto charger, or planned to if i found a phone with the same battery and then all now i get was a lit up keypad. i took it apart, which voided the warranty, if any since wet. now all i got was nothing and figured i should replace it and recycle it which i did."	0
"Junk. First it was supposed seal new from factory. After transfering all datas from my old phone, essential basically lost all my contacts over night! The so called 5.7in screen has the same viewing area as 5.5in! What sort of hoax magic is essential pulling here???? I regretfully spent time and money on this junk. Should have spend a little more on Huawei or OnePlus or even s9!"	0
Junk! Screen started flickering out of box. Antivirus scan found root nik Trojans. Now won't turn on. 	0
JUNK BATTERY=NO CHARGER=WHAT MORE COULD YOU ASK FOR=SHOULD HAVE BEEN SOLD FOR POSSIBLY PARTS=IT&apos; OK I THROUGH IT IN GARBAGE==HAPPY NEW YEAR	0
JUNK . Wife and i both owned one .Neither lasted out contacts.Constant pocket calling . Multipule texting issues . Camera die in less than one yr on one of the phones.	0
Je suis entièrement satisfait de mes deux iPhone 5s. Ils sont comme neuf et fonctionnent parfaitement. De plus la livraison à été très rapide. Merci et longue vie.	1
"jajajaja Is so stupid that afer bought this phone Google anounce that will not allow Android apps on Huaweis, so sad, I lost my money. "	0
Ivee sleek required an internet connection to the manufacturer's server. The manufacturer has gone out of business so this product is basically a useless brick.	0
"I've used it every day for the two weeks. The battery life is amazing! My last phone, Samsung Galaxy S6, I had to charge at least once a day. I'm using even more apps on this phone, and one charge lasts two days!"	1
I've received an item damage. 	0
I've purchased 2 phones from this seller. I had no problems switching my phone over. Highly recommend.	1
"I've learned to read up about a product before purchasing and that's what I did, here.  I had a Motorola 376g that is going to be phased out of service and I needed an upgrade, and this has fit the bill rather nicely.  It has features the Motorola didn't have, sound is clearer and not so broken up as it was on the Motorola.  The Motorola was on the 2G service, tho, so I'm not faulting the hardware at all.  I'll miss the ol' Motorola, but thanks to this unit, I won't miss it much!!"	1
"I've had Windows, Android and iOS devices. Nothing gives you more bang for your buck than the Lumia 650! Good camera, expandable storage, WM10 out of the box - and a nice screen to boot. If you need a good handset without setting you back over $150: consider this phone!"	1
"I've had two of these phones first one I dropped in a very shallow puddle of water and it completely ruined the phone, second one I bought i had for about a month and a half. Then all the sudden the battery would take over 24 hours to charge and after it was fully charged it would die within an hour or two and seeing as the battery is nonserviceable the phone was junk at that point. (sidenote I tried multiple chargers and charging cords)"	0
"I've had this phone for about 1 1/2 years and have had no problems with it.  It gets good reception where I live.  I leave it on all the time so it needs to be charged usually once a day unless I use certain apps that drain the battery more, such as gps. No issues with memory for apps, I am able to put many of them on my microsd card. The camera quality is decent for things like social media where you don't use a large file, or showing them off on the phone itself."	1
"I've had this phone for a while, it's pretty good."	1
"Ive had this phone a week and as of yesterday 7/5/17. It had a full charge, screen flashed a couple times and screen went blank. I tried charging but doesnt work."	0
"I've had the phone for a couple of weeks now and here's my pros and cons: 1. It came without bloatware. This may be because I bought it here on eBay and not Verizon, but it was a clean phone. 2. Unlimited photo storage on Google Photos. Backups are nice. 3. Room for 150,000 songs on Google Play cloud. That's roughly 250G. You can have all of your music in the cloud and stream to all devices. 4. Great camera. It also creates animated GIFs with photos shot in burst mode. 5. Screen is sharp 6. Love the fingerprint sensor on the back 7. USB C for data and charging, and the battery lasts about 20hrs.  Cons: 1. Battery cannot be replaced. 2. No room for microSD, but the free cloud storage makes up for this."	1
"I've had the original KEYone and the Black Edition. They both suffered from poor quality.  The screen popped off the Original and took over 31 days to get a used replacement device. The Black Edition kept restarting at random then it suddenly wouldn't turn on. Blackberry Mobile's customer service is beyond slow.  I got a response from them 4 days after I called explaining to them my phone won't turn on.  Their first question to me was can you turn the phone on?  I was like I already told you my phone won't turn on....  Anyway, I would stay away from the KEYone phones because it seems everyone I buy has major issues. "	0
"I've had great experiences with LG for awhile now, and purchased this phone 6 months ago. This phone gave me zero problems and was my favorite phone to date. Today, however, it got the dreaded bootloop defect in my hands, without overheating or being dropped. I've lost all of my data because of this, and my originally $200 phone is now as useless as a brick. The fact that there needs to be a class-action lawsuit to be properly compensated is very unfortunate, and i most likely will not be purchasing from LG again, unless they can make this up to all of us affected. Until then,  DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE"	0
I've had a Galaxy J7 for 3 years and it's been great. I upgraded to a 32 GB model. So far I'm happy with the new one too. It's a great value.	1
Ive gone through 5 phones in the last 4 monthsThis phone is awesomeTakes nice pictures too Blueslover says Grazie	1
"I've bought this phone for Christmas  for my son,,the phone was horrible... The speaker didn't  work...also my son is only 8 year old,,and he couldn't  get on the internet..I wouldn't  never buy another  phone from this company..."	0
I've bought the iPhone SE for Sprint but when came to the store if this phone is ok for sprint they said it's from blocklist devices .. 	0
I've been wanting this phone for a while now and I'm satisfied with it. It's great and totally worth the money!	1
"I've been using same phone in Android version for 2.5 years.. this Windows phone is horrible. More difficult to use, seems like the phone is trying to be smarter than it really is. To top off the frustration of the windows platform, it seemed to have a weaker signal for music such as Pandora or iheart radio. I didn't even give it a full week before boxing it up and shipping it back. I urge windows users to try out an Android phone.. you'll be a happier person"	0
"I've been using cell phones for years  This one looks pretty, but does not work right "	0
"I've been to try to pay but the item it were sold out, l've been writing to the selesman.it's impossible never he wrote me. I want to retire the item,  what could l doing."	0
"I'VE BEEN SCAMPED, ARTICLE I'LL BLOCKED FROM T-MOBILE AND WITH YELLOW SCREEN IN THE EDGES OF THE BLANK IMAGES."	0
I've been fooled with this purchase since this phone is blocked by UNIVISION asking me for the key and the Apple ID created by this account. I want my money back on the page where the sale was posted it says it was clean as new I feel ripped off	0
I've asked the seller to please cancel this order numerous times. No response.	0
Its would be perfect if its ring its doesn't ring or male sound @all	0
Its well known the original galaxy mainly the S model as well as the blaze had wolfson dacs very sound quality...paired with voodoo is incredible and for the price better then mp3 players at higher cost	1
its was great but some water got into the charger input.  i didnt even get warranty for it!   waste of money	0
"Its very small, at the second day the phone locked and I can do anything, poor quality grafics. the shipping was fast but the phone is &quot;low budget&quot;"	0
It's very slow and delays frequently so not impressed worse Verizon phone I've ever had	0
Its very responsive and slick. I love its size and camera quality. Battery life is good if you dont leave your data on all day. For the price its a very good phone. I&apos;d buy this phone again.	1
"It's very good. The only things I don't like so far is that I can't figure out a way to set it that the screen turns off after a set time. The only thing I'm able to do is under the security menu there's an option to lock when pressing the end button.   Another problem is that the keypad locks. And when you unlock it, it pops up with a confirmation message which takes a second to go away. But it's still very annoying."	1
"It's very durable but...I had to buy an extra battery because 1- 15 minute conversation will kill a full battery.  I removed all the games and apps I could and it still has very poor battery life even after I bought a new battery for it. Basically I have to leave it plugged in all the time. I liked the idea of all the navigation stuff--problem is if you're not connected to a network the only thing that works is the compass.  It has a mind of it's own.  Volume, and Bluetooth have a tendency to turn on and off all by themselves even when the phone is locked.  The camera isn't all that but I didn't buy it for the camera.  It is durable as I said before. I have a systemic condition where I shake and drop things all the time and I haven't broken this one yet.  My phones usually only last a couple months before the screen shatters but this one is hanging in there."	0
"Its very bad, I loose my money and I damages because its need new motherboard and charger socket "	0
Its vere good and funtionally 	1
"It's too bad they don't manufacture these anymore, or something akin to it (qwerty keyboard, with a super basic streamlined non-Apple and non-Google affiliated OS).  I've used, first, the LG Neon, and now the LG Neon II, for the past 6 years.  No interest in keeping up with the Joneses, it works for me."	1
"it's too bad that so many consumers don't recognize quality.  the popularity of Samsung phones speaks to that reality.  Sony in every way is a better phone.  While Samsung focuses on specifications, Sony focuses on Substance, design, balance, and refinement.  I guess what we don't know, is what we don't know.  A comparison in hand of the two phones tells that story.  This phone is water resistant and gives me a huge peace of mind, knowing it can go anywhere, do anything, not worrying about having to protect the phone while being rained on or taking it to the beach.  That said, the Z3 is fast enough for everything, excellent camera, and uses a minimally modified Android Stock OS, with minimal bloatware.  The minute you hold this phone in your hands, you know you got you moneys worth, and not just some hyped up specifications, that looks pretty on paper/outside, but refined and quality in places you can't see and counts as well.  I'm sad to see companies like Sony and HTC do so poorly when it's evident that Samsung isn't as quality a phone, but focus on specs.  Samsung has poor mic, and weak antennas.  While Nokia had the best phone hardware, they are, too, gone.   Apple has great products, quality devices, but terrible phone functions...  meaning taking calls, phone reception/ ant"	1
Its the worse person I ever purchase anything from since I have been buying on ebay for the last eight years. No one should buy anything from this guy. How can you get my money and say you forget to post the Item?	0
It's the perfect phone I needed and it shipped fast thank you 	1
It's the best! I've always had iPhones but this one takes the cake!!!	1
It's the best yet 	1
its terrible because it could not be actiated	0
Its taking TOO LONG to receive. Ive a month!!!!!!! 	0
"Its supposed to be here by Thursday or Friday, it is now sunday, was hoping it was going to be here on time. I am upset it is late. I have heard good things about them. I guess I won't get to find out till it gets here....or if it gets here..."	0
It's such a junk with quick heating processor & browser don't even frame the webpage correctly overall 1/10 never buy again	0
Its still new and very nice I love it	1
Its small but the screen is great. I wish I could program the thumb print to read multiple fingers. But overall great value. 	1
its small and easy to carry i love it.	1
It's says unlocked but GSM worldwide but it is not. 	0
"It's really fast, and am loving it. "	1
"Its primary purpose, wifi hotspot does not last more than 30 hours, sometime stop working after 8 hours."	1
It's phone: Nothing more. nothing less.	1
"Its perfect, Thanks!"	1
It's perfect PHONE !	1
It's perfect for my needs.	1
It's perfect as expected 	1
"It's okay, but the screen is deffintly going out.  It gets really dim then bright on it's own."	0
Its not what i was expecting but it works	0
It's not unlocked  i thought it would be but its not and now i have to go and pay to unlock it 	0
"It's not the sellers fault, but the phone is just a poor design. It froze all the time and after like a month just stopped working all together."	0
It's not the Motorola E5 PLAY. They sent me to the E5 GO that does not have a fingerprint. BAD SELLER	0
It's not a new phone. The camera is hazy and scratches on the screws. I think this is a refurbished phone. 	0
It's not a good condition 	0
It's not a confort phone to navégate in internet 	0
"it's not a 2018 style phone, rather a 2008 one"	0
It's my second note3 I have bought. One for me and one for my wife 	1
It's missing a charger cover! Broken back cover!	0
Its like I bought it from the store arrived a day earlier as well.	1
It's like brand new phone!	1
Its just like a foot massage with a happy ending!	1
"It's just an old phone which used to be the rage. But now with $800 smartphones, it's become a relic that for many is useless, but it's perfect for me. "	1
It's incredibly slow. Doesn't connect to Wi-Fi in certain places. Just not a good phone..	0
Its in good condition and working great! Will buy from this seller again.	1
"it's in a good state, like new!"	1
It's hard to see apps on it 	0
"It's great. 1200 minutes, 1200 minutes of text and it's a smartphone for 50 dollars. Great deal."	1
"It's great, the UI is really good, camera is OK, no lag in most apps, good build... Feels like a premium phone, the screen is also very good. The best phone in it's price range."	1
It's great phone	1
Its great and there is no issue with it.  The first one had an issue the vendor JustCellular replaced it at no cost very quickly.    thank you.  /Ken	1
its great !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
It's got a great screen and fast processor. Okay battery life but I knew that going in.	1
It's funny when people want to sell you their used old phones for the price of the new one. And if this is the 5t then place better images and title for it cause the direct web is only 499.99 for the most current phone.	0
It's for my son. He likes it very much. Great value. 	1
Its fantastic phone with proccesser really fast and tons of features lets not mention &quot;3d Pictures&quot; feature its fantasticccc i love this phone.	1
"Its easy, fun and the staff is very helpful.I would also tell all my friends and family how great your services are.."	1
"It's easy, fast and confidence! I would like to recommend you and you product!  Nice to make business with you! Hope to make it again! Thanks a lot!"	1
It's defiantly worth the money you spend on it	1
Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........	1
Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........Its cool.........	1
"its cool its hip its new its now im drunk im 21 lets party bitchesknhvbavbkajbfiahgvjasnvkjnavdpiuagwrnfgnviaubgfn,manvpoiufhrgqheg"	1
It's cheap so can't really complain but I've had better for cheaper.	0
"It's came on time, with everything advertised. Everything was able to sync no problem. "	1
It's best inversion	1
"Its been a good phone, good batt life great display and faster speed than previous lg android. Only thing not as good is the qwerty keyboard."	1
Its awsome and it works and im happy to choose	1
It's an old phone that will not get on the internet the only reason I haven't sent it back to you is because I haven't been able to connect with my son to get it back and send it to you for my money back. The screen goes black so often it is only good for making calls and nothing else	0
its an excellent phone for the price... Excellent camera and excellent processor. I liked it alot	1
"its an excelent phone, easy to carry around and with android OS  it makes averything so much easier and fun, the phone is very resistant"	1
Its an Apple product! However the phone was received as advertised - in mint condition. I am very pleased with my purchase. 	1
It's an amazing phone I love it	1
It's already broken	0
"Its about a month now and the charger does not function at all.  The colors arent very clear. when i took it to service , they told me that was refurbished, thus not new  and it was already opened before."	0
"ITS A VERY GOOD PHONE, WORKS PERFECTLY, NO SCRATCHES,VERY FAST SERVICE NO CALL DROPS LIKE METRO LOL."	1
It's a very good phone but can't play videos like the LG vn220	0
It's a two guid bite phone it's out dated shouldn't even be aloud to be sold you can't put. Service to it	0
its a super nice phone! i loved it	1
"its a scam, Ive received a FAKE IPHONE from China. Camera lenses is scratched, android software instead of IOS. Absolutely awful."	0
Its a replica and seller hasnt responded yet for me to return it. Knew the deal was too good to be true. Buy with caution  	0
Its a refurbished used phone with little battery life. 	0
Its a piece of crap and does not work. IT is slow and sometimes does not function at all. the screen goes out and the phone freezes up. I will never buy another product from this person.	0
It's a nice phone. Some glitches. Down side I have NO SIGNAL everywhere which really sucks 	0
"its a nice phone but there&apos;s too many things i dont like about this phone first of all it dont send pictures messages nor receives them. it all has to be done by e-mail let me tell them something most people dont have an e-mail and those who do only use it to login to MySpace and FaceBook others wont mind taking their time sending pictures to your e-mail, thats a big negative all phones should be capable of sending and receiving pics. another thing texting the letters are too close to each other you do more misspells than what you text, there&apos;s not enough settings to be able to personalize your phone to your style. i bought it for my gf neither she liked it."	0
"It's a nice looking phone and comfortable to hold. Unfortunately, the software is too outdated and it will not allow for the commonly used current apps"	0
It's a great thin phone and has a lot of features to it.	1
Its a great starting out phone nd came with a bunch of stuff on it. Battery life good.my nephew loves it. It was a greay buy...	1
"Its a great seller, fast shipping and is very up Thank you! "	1
Its a great phone. Since this is a slightly older phone you will have to call Virgin to activate it but it wont take long. The custom icon didn't come up on the phone until I called Virgin but its working great now. This is a great phone and you will be pleased with it.	1
"It's a great phone.  The only part is it has iSight problem.  If you want to buy, you need to confirm that this is not a problem.  Other than that, it's very good."	1
It's a great phone to have. But for me I need to upgrade to the note 8 because it's not compatible to most of my phone apps	1
It's a great phone the soon I got it up grade to 6.0 its work good & its fast I really recommend u will like it best buy I ever done !!	1
Its a great phone love it it arrived when expected and i had no problems with it great phone for the money thanks.	1
"It's a great phone for the  money.  I bought this one to replace my old one which I bought brand new. the only problem with my old axon 7 was the screen was beginning to have burn marks. the only real downside to owning this phone is its signal strength using cell phone networks for phone calls. when I check the DB strength of the phone it's always quite low compared to my friends phones such as an iPhone or a Samsung.  the other upside of owning this phone is it is highly flexible and works well with apps to change the home screen environment. it also charges very fast and has been bulletproof for all the times that I've dropped it on concrete, never once causing any screen damage."	1
its a great phone at a very good price i realy like it works as good as other quad core phones and the hdmi connection comes in very handy i recomaned it to every one	1
It's a great phone and a perfect starter phone for my daughter!	1
It's a great one I had never used an item like this. I highly recommend it. 	1
its a great deal use it all the time thanks. Hope everyone else can enjoy theses products from this seller.	1
It's a great and beautiful phone 	1
It's a good phone. I use it as my 2nd phone. I am very satisfied. 	1
Its a good phone for the price	1
Its a good phone and simple to use and good price for the money. cant get  this phone anwhere now too high techjnology  and i am not technologry oriented./	1
its a good phone and i encourage people to buy from the seller he will take care of you and also he sent extra battery with the phone i will buy from the seller again	1
It's a good phone	0
It's a good phone	1
It's a gilt. I know my niece will like it. Thank you.	1
"It's a fatal phone. very different from the one described. that phone I had to throw it in the trash  The seller allegedly sold it to me, with Google blocking. but the phone has a lot of internal problems, which were not described"	0
"its a fake product,,when i go to the nokia shop they didnt recognize this phone,,but i m still use that,,really good replica but as i said its not original!!! its not trusted seller,its a lier!!! we re not imbecile people so try to tell truths!!!"	0
Its a fake phone and its use and send the wrong phone color I order  he sales fake phones 	0
It's a copy not an original product	0
"Its a big screen, sharp enough so you won't get eye strain. love how big the screen real estate is. The only issue is that its incredibly slow. So slow, you will have issues using it as your regular phone. I turned off animations in the developer options, its still really slow and laggy. I guess I may root it and try to overclock the cpu. Not sure its its possible, but it will reduce battery life, but it would be worth the trade off. Sound quality is ok. Dual sim is a nice feature as well.  So to sum it up...Huge and very slow."	0
Items was as they was described to be. The two white phone work with no problems. Because the cracked screen.	1
Items not working but he sell it	0
Items have too many damage on screen both of these items are damage	0
"Item works, with MINOR defect on screen. I left feedback promptly, but did not recieve feedback for weeks, and not descriptive, AT ALL!!"	0
"Item worked just fine and was as expected. Could be a little cheaper as these phones are now probably worth the same price as the LCD, but that's the market"	1
Item was received in tact but only to find that it is not UNLOCKED and cannot be used in Singapore.  Wrote to you guys on numerous times without any response.  It left me with no alternative but to instruct VISA is stop payment.  What would you now suggests to have this matter resolved?  The set is still with me waiting to have it returned and have it UNLOCKED or replaced with a new UNLOCKED set.  It does not come with a battery charger.	0
Item was not usable. It was unable to charge and obviously sold for that purpose. Seller didn&apos;t list the defects of the merchandise.	0
Item was not NEW as it was labeled. Turned off didn't turn back k then took it to a Samsung store and I was told the factory guarantee was damaged dur to it being refurbished/previous opened. Almost 8 years on Ebay and first thing such thing happens to me. 	0
Item was never shipped to my address	0
Item was just as described!! I would definitely buy products from seller again!! A+++++!! Phone works great!! Even arrived 2 days earlier than estimated delivery time! Excellent business!! Super fast shipper!! A+ +across the board!!	1
Item was in better quality than expected. buying was a breeze. Thank you for being a GREAT seller!!!!	1
"Item was exactly as described in perfect working condition, and arrived very quickly!"	1
Item was described wrong.	0
"Item was delivered and I was unable to activate it at AT&T as advertised, so I took it to another carrier to see if I could use it somewhere else.  I was told it had to be unlocked, so I took it back to AT&T and they told me the original owner needed to unlock it before they could do anything.  I sent the seller this information and he said it was ""as advertised"" and it wasn't his fault it wasn't unlocked.  I told him I wanted to send it back because I couldn't do anything with it and he said he wouldn't accept it back and would decline any attempts to refund.  DO NOT PURCHASE ANYTHING FROM THIS SELLER.  IF THIS WERE A GOOD, USABLE PRODUCT THE SELLER WOULD TAKE IT BACK WITHOUT A PROBLEM.  THIS IS AN OBVIOUS INDICATION THAT HE KNEW IT WOULDN'T WORK!!! "	0
Item was as described fast shipping. Would buy from this seller again 	1
Item was as described and works fine great tranaction	1
"item was as described , very quick shipping purchased for my daughter she likes the phone ..."	1
Item was advertised as new but has others emails and accounts in the phone. Deceptive practices.	0
"item stolen from sellers mailbox, money returned to buyer, as we did not receive item.Seller contact peolice of stolen item.  We were able to tract item to California, and nothing there after, so contacted seller.  Seller very uderstand ,with apology.  Considered a very honest seller.  Would buy agai fromthis seller."	1
"Item seems to be working well and in the condition advertised. So far, happy with the purchase and the seller."	1
"item received was not new as shown and advertised.  It has scratched screen, no plastic seal on screen, no manual.  photo is of something else."	0
Item not what was described item not what was described item not what was described would not recommend	0
Item never received. Be very careful when buying from this supplier.Cannot say anything about the product because as I said I never received it. Supplier is a fake.	0
"ITEM NEVER RECEIVED, I need my money back ASAP, eBay customer never send the product i&apos;am very unhappy, please refund my money."	0
"Item just as described. Very quick delivery. Easy transaction, thanks."	1
Item just as described.  Good seller	1
Item just as described - thanks!	1
Item is unsupported by most companies now being its 11 years old but its a great collection piece. Strongly recommend if you are an Apple fan and want a little bit of history.	1
"Item is totally different from seller&apos;s description, it has lots of scrach on it and the battery cover case doesn&apos;t even match no more."	0
Item is either refurbished or used. Has water stain in screen and obvious worn area around USB port. Works but not item as promised. I wanted a new phone.	0
Item has arrived safely and works fine thank you.	1
Item had severe internal damage and has severe corrosion probably from water damage	0
item good. Thanks!!!!! very appreciated!!!Item was shipped on time and works as intended. The person I bought it for is very happy	1
Item fitted perfectly 	1
"Item discription said the phone was 100% fully functional, which was was a complete lie. When I recieved the phone it would not charge at all, I had the battery replaced, nothing helped. I paid 120+ for a paperweight and the seller will not do anything about it. I would recommend not even taking your chances with these people, save yourself time, stress and money by finding another seller to purchase your item from. "	0
"Item did not meet expectations. Item was sold as new but was used. Item was sent back to seller and am still waiting for my money.    Please let this seller refund me my money, i am patiently waiting.    Thanks.  Alex"	0
item came used not new battery life is non existing not happy with it at all	0
Item came pretty scratched up not viewable on pre purchase pics	0
"Item came as described, shipped very quickly and carefully "	1
Item came an was returned 	0
"Item came a little bit after the spected time but its ok for me , i was not in a hurry , the guys sent the phone on time , and its a great phone :) really hope to do bussines again"	1
Item as described. Works great.	1
"Item as described, very pleased with purchase. "	1
"Item as described, received on time, excellent seller, highly recommended. "	1
"Item as described, and works great. In better condition then I expected. Reasonable price as well! Thanks"	1
"Item arrived in new condition just like the description said, fast shipping! Highly recommended seller!! "	1
"Item arrived in a very bad condition  I contacted seller and he said the add was clear with some scratches, However the items is all over scratches, Some screens are cracked almost.."	0
"Item arrived as described and shown in listing. Great seller, very helpful. Would of liked the listing to say it came with a case and no charger, no sweat though. 5/5"	1
"It`s small size, very lightweigth, so easy to use, an affordable price, has two sims, it is just great for me, for what I needed.  It is my first LG Cell phone, and I really liked it more than Samsung, definitely, my next adquisition will be an LG."	1
"It&apos;sa fake phone.It&apos;s replica.Is not working well. It;s single core, 1 GB Ram. fake fake fake. Now i&apos;m not in USA and it&apos;s imposible forme to send it back. I hate this person. I hope every member from his family to die slowly in pain"	0
"It&apos;s very wrong to buy electronics or electric stuff off of ebay , there will be a lot of struggle and lost of time and money involved with it, ebay will benefit from deals , we will loose on shipping cost 24/7 around the clock !!"	0
It&apos;S not fully unlockedd. I will see it workk.It has updateissuess probably workk.....................mmm	0
"It&apos;s not a smart phone.  But it does have mobile web, mobile e-mail, and ap download ability.      What it is is tough, light weight, blank on the outside until you get a call or push any button to check the time.  Programming voice command takes awhile, but it does a very good job.  You can even set the phone so it speaks to tell you who is calling ... or what number is calling if it&apos;s not among your contacts.  And it can be a great work phone for outdoor or delivery group type jobs -- because it handles PTT (push to talk) if you sign up for the service with Verizon.    It, of course, has all the &quot;standard features&quot;: Selective ringtones, speaker-phone option, camera for still or video, wallpaper option on main screen, alarm clock, calendar, note book, calculator, text/picture/video/multimedia messaging, and can play games you download.    This phone also has memory card optional (micro SD), which means you can load it up with music to listen to (Bluetooth or earbud), transfer pictures and video to the card, and then transfer that data to your computer.  None of that having to e-mail your pictures to yourself, which means paying for data transfer ... not when you can slip the memory card into a reader which plugs into your computer (or maybe some printers?).    Just how good is it?  It was good enough that when one of ours was destroyed, by a dozen cars running over it, I hunted for this specific phone as a replacement.  We now have three in active use and a fourth for a spare.    Too bad Verizon doesn&apos;t stock them any more, despite showing this phone on their webpage the last time I checked.  However, if you buy one they will activate it; when they check for serial number and find it clear, they&apos;ll assign it to the number of your choice (if this is a replacement) or will give you a new number for it."	1
It&apos;s my second phone in my life . So I have some nostalgy...  It&apos;s very good item. I&apos;m very glad and I think I will buy some more old Ericsson phones which I had in my life...	1
It&apos;s like New...love it...It does everything I expected and more...Right out of the package..worked Great	1
It&apos;s Just COOL the stile itself is impressave.  it has all the features of all the clam shell type phones with a young look.  It has great reception even in some fring areas and comes packed with some nice ring tones.       MIKE	1
"It&apos;s good, it&apos;s out of stock. I really need it for my fishing trip. It will last for years even I drop it in water couple times a day."	1
It&apos;s ez to handle and it have a camera and it was at a cheap price and I needed a new phone. I like prepaid phone do&apos;thave to deal with contrack	1
"It&apos;s easy to use, looks great and has many features/apps available for it. I love the camera quality (in my opinion, it takes better pictures than some point and shoot digital cameras I&apos;ve seen). I also like how easy it is for me to check my email, Facebook, etc. It&apos;s like having my laptop with me wherever I go!"	1
"It&apos;s doesn&apos;t work . The phone is very old .I email back to seller and want to return but seller don&apos;t answer me .Finaly, I dislike the phone ."	0
it&apos;s affordable now through ebay  It does&apos;nt have a camera or mp3 player  but for the price and you get a PDA and Phone  that works great!	1
It&apos;s a very nice phone.  The battery keeps charge FOREVER... I like the size.  The reception is good.  Great buy.	1
It&apos;s a very good phone and very good seller. I face a problem and he react immetiatly. He have perfect prices. He is one of the best ebay seller i did business with. Tonia	1
It&apos;s a very good phone and very good seller. I face a problem and he react immetiatly. He have perfect prices. He is one of the best ebay seller i did business with. Tonia	1
"It&apos;s a very cool child size phone. Its able to call only numbers programed by a parent or be unlocked with no restricted calling. It has a camera calender and mp3 player!!! If you buy a used one don&apos;t fret about those locked old numbers and parent lock codes, simply Google fireflymoble.com and search it will walk you through it. I don&apos;t think it is a good phone for texting but great for keep in touch with a quick call. I will get another one for my other kids for sure!!!  :)"	1
It&apos;s a scam.  They took my money and don&apos;t sending me the cell phone.    It&apos;s a scam.  They took my money and don&apos;t sending me the cell phone.    It&apos;s a scam.  They took my money and don&apos;t sending me the cell phone.    It&apos;s a scam.  They took my money and don&apos;t sending me the cell phone.	0
It&apos;s a nice phone but parts of the phone don&apos;t work the headset and I can&apos;t send it back cause I work from my phone and it would take weeks when I turn it off u can see black spots in the screen and I bout two one for me and my wife it don&apos;t hold good a charge not a good buy.	0
"It&apos;s a nice basic phone, just right for my husband, he is not into all the smart phone stuff. He just wanted a phone that he can call on and text when he has to and he still likes the flip style phone"	1
"It&apos;s a great phone.Call quality and reception are excellent. QWERTY keypad is good, but the keys could be difficult for visually impaired (Older) people such as myself as the keys are small. The web browser is very good for a non smartphone. It is not touchscreen, but works well. One of the best, if not the best feature phone of it&apos;s time that is still a better &quot;phone&quot; then a lot of phones out now."	1
It&apos;s a great phone. It works great. Plenty of battery. I also enjoy the slim body and the many features of the phone.	1
It&apos;s a great phone. Dislike neon lite stays on when chraging phone may bother some people at night. Neon lite make it a great gift for your kids.	1
"It&apos;s a great phone, the only missing feature is that it does not store addresses. All the other features are definitely great. Even the camera takes nice photos. If you need a flip phone this is the one."	1
"It&apos;s a great phone! I bought it because I needed a new phone, recently my old one has stopped working. I really love taking pictures with it. I guess am a pictuerholic haha. This phone definitely satifies me for that! The only problem I&apos;ve been recently having is with the keyboard. It likes to randomly disappear while I&apos;m using it. ALOT. It&apos;s rather annoying. Other than that; I absolutely love this phone!"	1
It&apos;s a great phone that can be bought cheap on ebay has a great camera and has large amount of memory availiable i like the design its a sexy sliderand has great features the camera is great it has a flash and a good amount of megapixel it has bluetooth infared and also a bonus is that it is 3g and edge so internet browsing is excellent 10/10 lovely	1
it wouldnt work with my sim card at all... it wouldve been a nice phone if everything work right on it	0
"it would over heat and completely shut down, the screen would go black on many an occasion, the only way to charge it was to cut it completely off and whenever i tried to cut it back on, it would only stay on for like 2 mins then cut back off. If I tried to watch videos and shows it would automatically cut off. And the list goes on. It was just truly terrible"	0
It would not work with my servive	0
"it would not charge properly , it wold say it was 99 to 100 percent charged until you would unplkud the charger then it would say anything from 3 to 48 percent."	0
It would have been better if they could increase the battery capacity.Nevertheless it&apos;s a good product &lt;3  It is a great facility to have dual sim.	1
it would go into reset-loops. phone isnt good. i got a different phone==================================================================================== you should not get.	0
It works. Thanks! A+++++ 	1
It works well. There's a small defect but its it was mention before I purchased it. They were quick to ship and quick to respond to any and all emails.  	1
It works well and just what this old school guy wants.	1
It works very well : really fast and images are full hd	1
it works totally wonderful 	1
"It works smoothly, looks great and should do everything I need. "	1
It works really well.Just need to buy an sd card so i can store and save more files.Other than that i would recommend it.	1
It works perfect. and looks good too. only thing is there is a crack behind the phone. but everything works fine. thank you so much.	1
"It works OK except that it has no screen mirroring or OTG, it skips letters on a standard U.S. English Bluetooth keyboard that works fine with Samsung phones, I can't find replacement batteries for it anywhere, and the customer service from both the seller and the manufacturer is a sick joke runaround, they seem to be mocking me for the mistake of expecting a cheap phone to work right with a basic Bluetooth keyboard.  I'm making calls and connecting to the Internet with it for now, but I'll send it back as soon as I can move my SIM into something better for my limited money like an old used Samsung.  I hope eBay doesn't block this review but what can I do?"	0
"It works like crap but I need the phone, delays when I text, freezes etc. I use to think the s6 was great when I had it but after having a 8 and a 9 I realize now it was a much more primitive phone oh well"	0
It works just fine very nice and clear.  It needs a little more information for the user.	1
"it works great, and looks great.  I would definately do buiseness with this person again.  way to go."	1
It works great for a few weeks! The shipping was fast too! 	1
It works good like new	1
It works for what i need it for	1
It worked for a week then the bottom .5 inch of screen stopped working. I emailed the seller and he told me to factory reset the phone. Now i cant use it at all because it wont go through the setup without the bottom part of the screen working. 	0
"it worked for a little while then died , it was used but not reliable. it was in good physical condition no signs of abuse but stopped powering on and will not respond to plug"	0
"It worked fine for about a month then the battery quickly started draining. We had to Factory reset it twice since then, as it locks up and at times we are unable to make calls or use the phone without rebooting the phone. There is very little room for storage on the phone. Even when the phone is Idle the Battery drains fast We have to charge it every night because of the 7GB apps that are on phone. even though it says 8 GB memory you have 7 GB of APPS which you cannot delete"	0
It worked 1 day with t mobile.  And now it's blocked. 	0
It won't stay charged and won't charge all the way	0
It will be a very good phone. It will be a very good phone.It will be a very good phone. It will be a very good phone.It will be a very good phone. It will be a very good phone.It will be a very good phone. It will be a very good phone.It will be a very good phone. It will be a very good phone.It will be a very good phone. It will be a very good phone.	1
It will be a very good phone. It will be a very good phone.  It will be a very good phone. It will be a very good phone.  It will be a very good phone. It will be a very good phone.  It will be a very good phone. It will be a very good phone.  It will be a very good phone. It will be a very good phone.	1
"It was written that this phone is unlocked, but is not. Waste of money."	0
It was worth the money and a very nice phone I have not used all the features yet but it is a nice phone and I am pleased with it.  That is what I thought when I first got this phone but now that I have had it the thing is a pain in the ass.  it shuts off everyday at least 2 time if not more and i have to reboot it to get it to work.  What a piece of junk I was on my way home from florida and needed the map it kept shutting off and on for 4 hours I ALMOST THREW IT OUT THE WINDOW.  The seller is not aware of this and it was new in the box so not his fault but I don't recommend it to anyone.  	0
it was very scratched..but I couldnt use it on my system anyway-I was needin a replacement phone but it didnt have push to talk--thats what i needed -as my husband-is ill-I need quick connect to him	0
it was the same as the description and in photo 	1
It was the Best gift to my friend. She was really happy.	1
"It was supposed to have 32 GB storage but it allows me to download only a few MB of data and then gives a message: ""out of storage space.""  "	0
"It was stolen from USPS in Detroit, MI. I never recieved this phone, the only good thing is this company reimbursed me the money. A package as expensive as this should have been sent UPS so this didnt happen. "	0
"It was stated that the phone was in perfect condition. I believe the phone was dropped and the screen is a new one which was not stated in the description. If I had known the screen was new I wouldn't have waisted my time. Now I have to pay to ship it to her and wait on my refund to purchase/find a new one. Very upset, disappointed. I will NEVER do business with this person again. She mislead me from the beginning with LIES!. I tried to put in my password and nothing is appearing as I'm typing my numbers, minutes later it starts typing all the numbers and as you can see in the pic it disabled the phone. Didn't matter because it wasn't working properly anyway. "	0
It was stated in posting multiple times as 32gb when she got it and opened iit she noticed iit was only 16gb. I tried contacting seller multiple timesto no evail he never contacted me back all I can say is buyer be ware I know ii will not order from this seller again. Even iif he had of contacted me and said iim sorry ii sent wrong phone or he's $20 back on order but no he just iignores the people.	0
It was sold as new and was a refab that came in a box marked black Onyx and it was gold. There was also a few missing pixels and a tiny crack on the phone. 	0
It was sold as an unlocked T-Moble phone it arrived as an AT&T phone that would not recognize a T-Mobile SIM card. 	0
"it was shown on small photo couldnt show properly but when seen the item closer  in real life oh its grubby too old to use it, fit for scrap not worth it!"	0
It was shipped promply and had no trouble activating.The phone that I purchased works great and have not had any trouble with it. I would purchase from this seller again when I need another phone.	1
It was sell as unlocked but it was unblocked so you can use the menus but it was network locked	0
It was received in a timely manner.  It was a christmas gift for my son and he loves it and I loved the price and service.  Thanks	1
"it was really a  fake purchase , the seller never sent the product. ( paypal refunded  me the money )"	0
"It was quick to set-up contacts, voice clarity is good, battery life is good. Overall, I really like this phone."	1
it was present...	1
It was on the Lost & Stolen List	0
"it was old, used phone.. and when i tried to contact seller...nobody is responding me back ,actually i got phone after long time and when i got it it was having problem.. so DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER."	0
"It was OK condition but I wanted a 32 GB Sprint Samsung Galaxy S5 as 16GB does not allow all my apps, Images and saved files. The shipping took a while after It was purchased. The negotiations for half price due to incorrect description did not go well. The entire experience was such a waise.  There should be a penaty or compensation when an item is listed so wrong."	0
"It was ok but it has a crack in the screen right over the battery indicator and not a tiny one. I opted for a good condition one instead of a fair condition one and was very disappointed to receive one with a cracked screen. Especially since I paid over 300 dollars for it, other then that its good."	0
It was not worth buying. It just good for parts. The bad thing he had the words in Spanish. 	0
it was not what i expected send the phone with another phone charger and it wasnt what i had wanted.	0
It was not unlocked as it stated it was and the battery life is poor.	0
It was not unlocked and the company could not tell me how to fix it. After 2 weeks I finally got a refund. Obviously a foreign company who buys refurbished phones and not new as advertised. 	0
"It was not jet black, it was blach"	0
It was not good not coming with boxes 	0
It was not and S7 phone was a S6. WAS RETURNED TO THE SELLER. 	0
It was not a working phone. It was sold for parts.I can not make give a relevant review with a non functioning phone but i want the review space cleared out of my box so i am turning this in to you so you will take the &quot;need to make 1 review statement&quot; off my home page.	0
It was not a unlocked phone. Verizon which is my carrier said it was locked and in with another carrier. 	0
"it was not a good phone!!!! i got it for free,and the phone its freeze a lot n so slow. the signal was not even good no matter what company wireless plan u got. it was not worst it for people to buy this phone!!!!"	0
"It was not a good experience having to buy from this seller. The cellphone was made or bought in Canada and is impossible to activate, which was not specified on the product. I do not recommend people to buy from this seller."	0
It was not a 128gb like it said on the post its a 16gb	0
It was nice condition and works perfectly.	1
"it was my dream phone, and I got it) All is perfect) reccommend everyone to buy from ebay) I got it approx. 8 days"	1
it was made in china but it never worked 	0
It was labeled a T mobile phone but Tmobile SIMS don't work in it. Checked the SIM and it works on other phones...	0
It was just what I needed	1
It was just as it said in the ad. I'm very happy with my purchase? Thank you! 	1
It was just as described	1
It was in great condition.  I had just received it last week.  Have not tried it yet as it is a Christmas gift.	1
it was in great condition and works great!	1
"It was in better condition than discribed and was delivered verry fast ,Will be back to buy mine soon ,thanks so much"	1
It was icloud locked and would not Activate.	0
IT WAS HAVING PROBLEM WITH 3G NETWORK SO ITS ONLY 2G AND SPAREPART WAS USED I HIT IT     I NEED FREE V9 AS POLOGY TO ME	0
it was good.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................	1
"It was for my 82 yr old grandad ,he finds it very easy to use.and it had many features for the price"	1
It was fast great buy A+ 	1
"it was exactly what i ordered, i wish i had ordered from this seller sooner because i love this phone!!!!!"	1
"It was exactly what I bought and it arrived on time. The phone was in good condition, Great first time buy."	1
"It was exactly how they described it online, quick and easy set up, just threw my simcard in and I had a brand new phone, it was wonderful to upgrade finally. It shipped really quickly also, which was nice. "	1
"It was everything they claimed it to be, A+. I am very happy about my shopping experience and I love my new phone!!"	1
"It was easy to use, brand new as described, plastic wrap was on phone. It was what I expected. I would definitely recommend!!"	1
IT WAS EASY TO GET ANSWER TO MY QUESTION AND IT ARRIVE AROUND THE TIME THEY SAID IT WOULD I NEEDED A PHONE AND THAT WAS THE CHEAPEST ONE	1
It was defective	0
It was def new & I was able to switch in my service no problem.	1
It was as good as it was described. And the shipping arrived at the same day and the same time it was mentioned. Good service.	1
It was appear more damaged and was getting hot within few min. 	0
"It was a wery tiny phone,it was so tiny that I could not feel it.(scam) An empty box with bubleplastic.Grattis "	0
It was a waste of my money I got the phone and tried to charge it and it was on the charger for 8 hrs. and it would never charge so I was unable to use the phone. I contacted the the guy that sold it to me and he told me that he tested it and it worked for him. When I received phone it had no charge at all so I don&apos;t see how he could have tested it. I couldn&apos;t get it to even come on at all.	0
It was a very good phone but it was not the right phone carrier. It was a Verizon carrier phone but I did not want Verizon because that is not the phone service that I have.	0
"It was a used, broken phone. The seller lied to me and refused to give me a refund. What a waste of money.. Buyers beware!"	0
It was a really bad experience because the touch screen doesn&apos;t work when you touch it lightly you have to  touch it very hard lots of times than it works and it goes off when your in a middle of a conversation.So I give it 1/5 at every thing.	0
"It was a present fro one of my relatives and it worked good as a surprise at Chrsitmaseve.All the function works well, it is really ok."	1
It was a pleasure to deal with you. Great service! exactly as the material was describe.great delivery service Keep it going on like that.Thank you	1
It was a piece of crap. The seller could not have possibly tested it. It shut down constantly and after 3 days I returned it	0
"It was a mistake and waste of time when I bought this cell phone,had to return it !"	0
IT WAS A GREAT PURCHACE	1
"It was a great phone,but the seller failed to tell me it was locked by a.t.&t. Therefore, I couldn't get it switched to my carrier. And the seller refused to do a return"	0
It was a great phone! I decided to buy it because it was the phone i wanted!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
it was a great buy	1
It was a good phone..They had a good price for it. On top of that it was fast shipping...Great people to buy from..The best I delt with so far.	1
It was a good clean transaction. The only thing is that they did not say whether the phone was unlocked or not as this is essential to being able to use the phone.	1
It was a gift for my 16 year old daughter. She instantly fell in love with this mobile as it is very user friendly and has a great appeal for the younger generation!!  It was an obvious choice for me as I have bought other things from this seller and he is really nice!	1
It was a gift for a friend and she loved it!	1
"It was a European phone that ""Could Not"" use a USA Sim Card."	0
It was a christmas gift that came every to him but he is really enjoying it. I tried using it a couple of times but its not for me but he really likes it.	1
"It was 3 days later than last day they gave for delivery.then it turned out that it was a reported stolen phone.i don't blame ebay,it was urfreestyle.dont but anything from this seller,since he sells stolen items"	0
It unfortunately came without a SIM card.  I took it to an AT&T store where the employee inserted a brand new SIM card.  He couldn't even get the phone to work!	0
"It turned off during calls, scratched up, wasn't worth $40.  It was junk"	0
"It took more than three days to process my payment, then told me that I wanted to send another color because of its supplier, I paid from 27, and so far I got 2 iphones, and the one who buys me only Give the answer to send me another color haha, this is a joke for a serious buyer."	0
It took more than a month to receive I refused the item and waiting for a refund 	0
"It took a very long time to get here from the Netherlands from a China-based seller.(?) - item arrived in perfect condition and as described. re Slow delivery - when received the postmark was the same as the seller had notified me of - so it was not the seller's fault.  What can you expect for free shipping on an item that was well priced? Basic low end smartphone . . . no 4G, all specs as stated and even came with ear buds and a case for some protection.  Sound quality of the phone is mediocre but, again, what can you expect for the price?  Ram and processor speed similar to a fruity six fone. Good starter smartphone reasonably priced."	1
It takes a little getting used to coming from an android phone. But it&apos;s a solid phone that can compete with flagship phones. Cortana works way better than I could ever expect. The camera is excellent and having a dedicated camera button is a real plus. The audio for music is not great but you are going to use a headphone anyway.	1
It sucks people cant take care only few bucks never got it never arrive 	0
It simply did not work! The electronic boards were Bad!	0
it shuts off randomly very bad physical condition	0
It shipped fast but once I got it it doesn't work and I sent several emails to ask for help but get no response. I will be returning tomm if I don't get a response today.   	0
It served its purpose. I needed the screen.	1
It serve the purpose for me exactly what I wanted. I use it out if the country.	1
IT SEEMS THAT THE TELEPHONE him out of the trash because I could not use............SEEMS trash what I sold on EBAY	0
"It seems ok, it&apos;s been used a lot and in rough shape. I need something for back up when other phones break down."	0
"It seems like every time I buy something from you guys it NEVER works. I had bought a iPhone 6 from you guys last year,with a dead battery that was not mentioned in the description then for it to shut down and die with the new battery you guys sent within a month. Now I got this one and the camera is broke,took it to a local phone repair shop and they told us it was a software problem aka,a bad phone. I am super upset "	0
It seems its a stolen or lost product.. I see messages from the phone owner's dad messages.. I am not going to use it.. Please don't sell stolen products here:-(	0
it says its unlocked. but cannot update software also. seller could have said all this in the details but didnt. i wont buy any thing else again	0
It says it's unlocked to any carrier but it's not!!! It's only AT&T. You should fix that. Made me get this phone for nothing. 	0
"It says international Only.   I am on a trip with it.  Unfortunately it is not working and 30 days expired since I bought it.  I do not know why it can't connect.  I took it to Nokia in the city of Goma to check it,  The finding is that the telephone is not good"	0
"It said this phone was brand new. When i got the phone, the sides were chipped and the charger that went with it would not work."	0
"It said that is was a used product, but it din&apos;t state that some of the key don&apos;t work, therefore the phone is useless to me, because some of the keys don&apos;t work so how can you dial out?"	0
"it said it's 2g and 3g, but it seems no 3g network, only 2g. and AT&T will end 2g network on 12-31-16."	0
It said it was coming with a charger what i needed for mine. And i wanted parts from this phone. I got the phone and a battery but no charger. This person wasted my time sending me a fake tracking of a charger so I could wait till eBay wont cover it. I have sent eBay a report of this scammer and say dont buy from here! 	0
It overheated and I lost all my pics and everything in the phone. Wasn't charging nor was I using it. I happened to pic it up and immediately yanked the battery out because it was so hot. Totally disgusted with it 	0
It overheated and destroyed nonreplacable photos. Terrible phone	0
it nice and cheap  for me  i like it   very much so thank you  for letting me buying it . easy to use and no damage	1
It move really slow and keeps shutting down. 	0
it messed up after i got it and i had to get another phone.  i would not spend any money for this type of phone.	0
"It looks basically new , battery lasts a very long time and charges super fast . It's a great phone for a good price."	1
It looked like an OK phone but when I got the phone it only worked for 2 days then it would no longer receive a signal and I know it wasnt the service because my other phones worked great. I feel like I was robbed the $40.00 I paid for it.	0
"It look nice and was low price    Nothing to like about it, When I received this phone its look like a toy or look very phony, it stop working after a month, I talk to the seller and they said they want to compromise with this phone, I paid $20 and they give me back only $3, can u imagine????     Battery life? it does&apos;n charge..    Nothing compare to other, this is the worst experience I ever had before..."	0
It look just like described. A great phone for the price. Nothing was wrong with it. I love my phone. 	1
It loads sooo slow. Battery dies fast. At 68% battery wake up in the morning battery at 0%. It can't multitask without loading slow then have to close programs. I just don't like this Phablet phone no more. Apps outdated. It's not worth my $70. I want my money back.	0
"It like it, very smooth and nice"	1
"It last only a week and it locked by itself, got to remove for reset plus bunch to update every day or two, if not the phone won't work to call out / in? The WiFi horrible received only one bar or 2 even you seat next to transmitter. Firefox's SUCK."	0
"It isnt working now.  I did buy garbage in Hong kong.  It only last 1 week, its the price of buying things in Hong Kong."	0
It is working well and was received in truly in mint condition.	1
it is what it is	1
"It is very similar to my tablet so it was easy for me to learn. It was hard for me to figure out where my contact list is, but then again I didn&apos;t look at the instructions. It&apos;s very sleek looking and doesn&apos;t feel like a cheap piece of junk. I recomend this for a first time Smartphone."	1
"it is very good ,very good battery back up .only thing screen is little small  campare to size of mobile if you compare with other mobile"	1
It is totally a fraud this seller	0
"It is the worst phone i ve ever seen. When i looked the photos, i thought it is a normal Korea badged phone. But actually it is not a phone which showed in the photos. It is forged chinese phone. For this phone this price is very high. I bought one and i dont know what to do with it. Sometime the network doesnt work. Dont buy it!!!"	0
"it is the worst phone i have ever owned and as soon as i can afford it i am getting a different one,  the on and off button is on the same side with volume control and always turns volume down...bad reception,  speakers are terrible there is little volume, does a rotten job of recording video, does not expand very far at all, no controls for camera and video recorder, people on other end can not understand me at all when on speaker phone and always have to repeat my self if not....phone sucks 3rd worst 178.00 i ever spent"	0
"It is so very stylish,a great size and so easy to use.  The pulsating red light to the front tells you you have a text or a missed call.  There are great ring polyphonic  tones to choose from...including a &quot;normal&quot; ring tone unlike the new ones out that only have mindnumbing polyphonics!  The keypad has a lovely feel to it,helps with txting!The screen is easy to see.  Just and all round stylish and easy phone.  The only thing lacking is a camera...but lets face it...how many of those mobile pictures get downloaded...not many...they just sit there until deleted!  I would recommend this handset to anyone..............."	1
"It is slow.. and it's not my wifi, cause my old Samsung works good.. I  even put a new sd card and it still won't hardly load! "	0
it is said unlocked ... but what does it mean? i bought this but when i opened up i did not see any place to insert my other sim card. can&apos;t i use this mobile phone for my other sim card (eg: att) ?	0
It is really good.	1
"It is probably well that this guy is half way around the globe from me right  now.      This phone does not work and it was sold as a used phone in working condition.    Yeah, right  now I am pretty POed about the whole deal."	0
It is prepaid phone with low quality. 	0
"It is only 4GB, can't do anything with the phone, says it is dual sim, but according to the manufacturer you can only put a sd card in for more memory, but it don't make the phone work any better and you can't use the dual sim feature. The manufacturer recommended I upgrade to a newer phone, this phone just came out in January 2017. Phone is junk, not worth the money, I would not recommend buying it, unless you have a 5 year old who just needs a phone to call home. .  "	0
"It is one of the kind, it slides up and to the side, is very nice keyboard and the camera is very good also, easy to use and to understand how to use it, It has a great quality video too. Now is an old phone but one of the best"	1
It is not waterproof!!	0
It is not unlocked it is a TracFone was not able to activate it waste of my money.	0
It is not unlocked in Ukraine. Second one I bought and am very upset!	0
it is not unlocked 	0
"It is not programmable for more service. Looks good, hardly any wear."	0
it is not factory unlock it is sprint phone you cant use in USA  but is OK now thank you debbie end eric	1
It is not a LG phone is a copy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Do not buy it!	0
it is no good it is 2gsm and currently the phone companys in canada are installing 5gsm towers so completly useless in canada it is outdated old stock they are trying to dump watch out stay away big risk	0
"It is nice phone been use it for one month, and is really good, little bit different than other Android phones, but unique, and for the price is worth it, I recommend it. "	1
It is more than 1 week late in arrival. The published estimated date of delivery was Nov. 28 and it is yet to arrive. This is fraud.	0
It is junk don't recommend it to no one 	0
It is inexpensive. Could be louder. Instruction booklet is very small and poorly written. Very confusing. Customer service is helpful. Works ok once you figure out how to put in sim and SD card. You get what you pay for. 	1
"It is indeed a smartphone, the original ones that is, so they are very outdated. It is too complicated when it comes to finding what you need in the menus. I returned mine."	0
"it is in very bad condition not as described  item has spot that are  peeled , does not open properly and in terrible condition."	0
"It is hard to work with. It does not come with a hand book explaining any features , you have to learn by trial and error. Texting is complex with many steps. And the phone takes cloudy  pictures."	0
It is great.  I like the size and functions.  I am still learning how to add apps and need to learn how to uninstall some apps.	1
It is fraud!!! It has a robot to increase the value automatically after you bid	0
It is for a 3g system. Verizon is no longer adding 3g devices to their network and intends to terminate 3g service.	0
"it is faulty and has no storage space, it keeps shutting off, your product is garbage"	0
It is fast and easy to use and big enough for my husband to see see its features.The problem i encountered with it was i bought to use with straight talk and have not been able to get the unlimited internet.presently working with straight talk on this but the phone says it dose not have a data plan.The plan i use with straight talk is the  plan that covers every thing unlimited.	1
"It is exactly what I ordered. Delivered within 3 days of purchase. Has great camera quality, high quality sound and is easy to use. I would suggest this phone to anyone, especially at this price. "	1
It is easy to use and a good value for the money. My product arrived quickly and everything worked as described.	1
It is dirty and has a big dent on it. I'm disappointed with it.	0
It is beautiful. 	1
"It is an IP 68 phone, but broke in water"	0
It is an good phone with a simple sice with good things specially the camera and the anti water and dust. Great phone for the price. 	1
"It is an excellent product, I recommend it for future purchases  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa"	1
It is an excellent phone company: good prices and excellent customer service. good teams and are very responsible when an inform if you have problems with the equipment I buy. I highly recommend them.	1
It is an amazing product!	1
"It is an amazing phone, I`m so glad i sold my i phone and went back to android. I just think that lg makes the best phones and i love android.i highly recommend this phone to everyone."	1
It is amazing that even lower end model phones can have such great features. I bought 2 of these for my kids and they really like them. It was an upgrade from their Samsung On5 that only had 8 gb internal this one has 32 gb. The finger print scanner is as good and the same one as my 700 dollar v20. Not bad at all for 90 dollars. Nice looks slim and rounded glass. 	1
It is always saying simcard error and insert sim somtime its working and get after one call or while in a call its going off and saying sim card error or insert sim.                                        	0
It is a wonderful phone. I like all the features. it was a great buy.great arrival time. it was for my mom and she absolutely loved it. it was exactly what she was looking for. the camera is wonderful. all the apps on the phone are great too.	1
It is a wonderful Phone. Excelente photo quality .	1
"It is a very sleek, light and powerful TV receptive phone. The call quality is very good and user friendly phone."	1
"It is a very old product, perhaps 1st generation smart phone; does not measure up to today&apos;s dumb phones and is no value for any price. Sorry I purchased it."	0
"It is a very nice phone, for the price, very nice ! The screen  did not have a single scratch ! "	1
It is a very nice phone am having lots of fun with it just what I wanted it was better than described I think. Has more features than I know what to do with but will learn fast it is a very easy phone would like to thank you very much I would recommend it to anyone I am having that much fun I will stick with this phone for a long time thank you again.	1
It is a very good phone.	1
"It is a very good phone my work friends have already bought like 25 teams in past months and I recommend it very, very good and above all at a great price."	1
It is a very good phone for the price. Excellent ease of use. Battery life is good if not on wifi. if it is only for talk it is about 3 days before recharging	1
"It is a sleek looking phone with great battery life. The phones interface is supposed to be copied from the google &quot;android&quot; interface. The phone is very slow, and the on-screen keyboard is so small you can&apos;t use it without a stylus pen.   It is a difficult, and at times, confusing phone.  I chose to get it because i looked efficient, and durable. The manual that came with the phone was for the actual Google phone, and was of no help with the Xinrong phone.  It seems more like it would be used for a palm pilot than a cell phone. Overall I was disappointed in it."	0
"It is a sleek looking phone with great battery life. The phones interface is supposed to be copied from the google &quot;android&quot; interface. The phone is very slow, and the on-screen keyboard is so small you can&apos;t use it without a stylus pen.   It is a difficult, and at times, confusing phone.  I chose to get it because i looked efficient, and durable. The manual that came with the phone was for the actual Google phone, and was of no help with the Xinrong phone.  It seems more like it would be used for a palm pilot than a cell phone. Overall I was disappointed in it."	0
"It is a sleek looking phone with great battery life. The phones interface is supposed to be copied from the google &quot;android&quot; interface. The phone is very slow, and the on-screen keyboard is so small you can&apos;t use it without a stylus pen.   It is a difficult, and at times, confusing phone.  I chose to get it because i looked efficient, and durable. The manual that came with the phone was for the actual Google phone, and was of no help with the Xinrong phone.  It seems more like it would be used for a palm pilot than a cell phone. Overall I was disappointed in it."	0
"It is a replacement for my old Razr.  Yes, the battery doesn&apos;t last as long as newer phones but overall I like the ease of use."	1
"It is a really great phone!Works really good for a good price, but battery could last a little longer."	1
It is a really good phone. The only thing I don't like about it is the speaker isn't very loud.	1
It is a real lemon the phone did not respond to the commands the screen never work well ..... the battery was blocked it did not last more than 3 hours .... and without using it .... the port charging in poor condition. ... is the worst cell phone I've bought ..... aesthetically very nice but the worst in operation	0
It is a piece of shit the mic does not work half the time in the speaker is very poor quality	0
"It is a phone with so little internal memory space that does not allow or update the applications that comes from the factory. Even installing a memory of 32GB of memory I can not download applications like Whatapps. I understand that it is a very economical phone, but it does the same functions as a non-smart phone. The other problem is their processing power. If you still manage to download a light application, you can not use it because it is paralyzed on the phone or the application is closed. It is much better to buy a phone that only serves to call you buy a phone like this and you have problems thinking that you could install even a messaging application."	0
"It is a nice cellphone. i like it.i will recommend the products for my friends and family members.i bought this unit because i like the phone,it looks simple to operate and the shape is accurate."	1
It is a neat phone.	1
"it is a great working phone. my son needed a phone he coule afford. works great.thank you.accurate information,easy bidding.i like this item."	1
It is a great reception phone with everything built in. it has a great camera and speaker phone. The size of this phone is so hot. it is very small and easy to put in the pocket or carry around.	1
It is a great phone for apple users. Best regards	1
"It is a great little phone. Easy to use. One nice feature is being able to record a sound ex: &quot;Hi honey, pick up the phone&quot; and use it as a ring tone.(My husbands friends get a kick out of that one) The camera options are nice too. You are able to crop and modify the picture, if you want, before sending. My husband and I each have one and we really like them.  We gave one as a gift to our son-in-law. He likes it too."	1
"It is a good value,have long battery life and a small form factor ."	1
It is a good value for the price.	1
"it is a good phone for the price! it has alot of features and the monthy plan is to good i bought it because of the service you get after the first day, toooooo long"	1
"It is a good phone clean screen just a small nick in the corner barely noticeable nice leather case the battery does not last as long as my Samsung 4 but maybe the battery is not brand new but otherwise for the price love it! Biggest issue was the wait, but I have it now"	1
It is a good deal for a used device.	1
It is a fake cellphone. I t returned it. It is a scam people like those should not sell on ebay it will give ebay a bad reputation. I had to return it and pay over $50 from my pocket for the shipping. the seller offered me the refund in one condition that I should pay the return shipping to get my money back. I had to do it ..I will never ever going to buy again from ebay if those people will sell fake products under ebay name...this is a scam should be flagged. ebay should not allow the selling of fake products. I am very disappointed and I already lost over $50 for the return shipping. Please do not buy from this seller and flag it. IT IS FAKE PHONE	0
"It is a excellent smartphone; ease of use, great screen resolution, a powerful camera and I like so much Windows Phone OS."	1
It is a demo phone labeled not for sell and can not be activated	0
"It is a compliment seller, get my product on time  It is a compliment seller, get my product on timepurchased cell phone, he was in good conditionI recommend this seller for its timeliness and quality"	1
"It is a beautiful phone , small great picture and easy to use."	1
It is 2G so it doesn't work with ATT. 2g band will be soon deleted by others carriers so you will end with outdated non working device.	0
It is 100% same as described. Everything working well. I like it very much.  	1
"It has ultra short battery life, I transferred sim card out of my previous phone which worked fine through the ATT towers this phone has terrible connection drops voice calls, some times doesnt ring goes straight to voice mail   looks nice and accepts different sim cards and it can be unlocked for better privacy"	0
It has turned out to be a great phone with awesome sound quality ... would definitely buy another BLU next time = )  	1
"It has to be a bad product, the did not want to deliver"	0
It has really long battery life comparing to iPhones. The camera is also one of the best and you wont regret it.	1
It has many functions but is difficult to use especially the screen is too small and I always type in wrong letters.  I have gone back to a normal phone.  I returned the item.	0
It has long battery life and it has great detail on everything..	1
"It has great style, with a good feel in your hand, light weight and crystal clear viewing, however it does not work with Tmobile, you will be doing good to get edge, it has problems with the speakers and the speaker phone does not work all the time. It's hard to hear other people when they call even on the regular speaker. the phone is a nice 4 g phone and well made with an aluminum casing. The battery is not accessible is built in. The sims tray slides out for sims 1 or 2, and a sd card of up to 32 gb, i would not recommend this phone to be used in the United States. "	0
"It has great sound quality, and I was looking forward to using the mods. I purchased the JBL speaker and power pack through Amazon. It's a great phone, and easy to use too."	1
"It has been unlocked by carrier AT&T. It still AT&T's phone with AT&T logos all over the phone and limited AT&T software. If you try to reset it, it will lose the unlock altogether and you would need to request the unlock code from AT&T. But even after you unlock it, it won't be functioning as a factory unlocked phone. For example - the address book requires the internet access (don't ask why., its a mystery), but there is no internet connection obviously because it's not AT&T. And you can't put custom internet settings because the default fields are missing. So basically it works only with AT&T even after you unlock it, which means it a useless paperweight! I lost 4 hours trying to get it working! Garbage!"	0
It has been over two weeks to get the item an hours drive from here.  And Im still waiting. Waiting. Waiting.  Im thinking the owner wants to reneg on the deal and therefore Im waiting for a fictitious date of estimated arrival that is still over a week away.  What was to have been an Easter present is not now. Im very disappointed. 	0
It has a short battery life and it does freeze a lot. silent button on the side does not work properly. a small dent in the lower corner of the frame.  screen and the back of the phone are clean.	0
"it has a qwerty keyboard. it good but, it chinese phone neither the TV or internet works. My cellphone Co. cannot set it up"	0
"It has a huge screen and good price!!!!! I highly recommend this seller, customer service is great  "	1
"It has a full keyboard, and still fits into my front jeans pocket. Takes good enough pictures and the best part cost less than 12 dollars when you wash it with your pants!!!!"	1
It has a 4.0 because of the durability it lost 2/1/2 rating because the lack of the features but it was a great tough phone.    Believe it or not this was my first phone that I had ever owned and I really did like the phone and it was durable so dont get me wrong but it was nice and i liked it when i had it	1
it hard to comment on item or phone I never received called e-bay I was told to call the post office yes may recommend to any if they will receive it	0
It had fallen apart in the box the day i received it and tried to use it broken then the time ran out to send it back	0
It had a ton of issues so I would not recommend it.	0
It got here before the date it was supposed to and was exactly as described	1
"It fits nice in a shirt-pocket and is easily retrievable as it doesn&apos;t  fall sideways into the bottom of the pocket like flip phones, and then one must struggle to retrieve them, right them, and then flip open in order to answer.  It just goes straight to work making and taking calls and an occasional voice mail.  I don&apos;t have to carry around the extra weight of an mp3, camera, bluetooth, mini-computer etc; it does not try to be any thing, but an efficient and dependable cell-phone.  Love it--love it!!!  Proof of the beautiful and the just simple-go-to-work philosophy of the Sanyo SCP 6400 is emphasised by the fact there are only 25 pages in the english section of the owners manual needed to teach you everything about using it.  It does tend to take too many calls some days tho!  I am so impressed with it that I gave a 2 month old Moto-Krazr to my daughter and bought a used one off e-bay to replace my first #6400 that had gone to cell-phone heaven.  And I paid $5 more used than for my first one, brand-new. Gladly!! No color screen or menu of extra toys to flash to friends &amp; neightbors; just a dependable work-horse that is slim, light and stays out of my way til I need it,"	1
It fits in my wallet. That's all I can say here.	0
"It felt great in the hand, very rugged and durable. Unfortunately it arrived with a defective main screen.... It was sent back. "	0
it fell from about 3 ft high and the speaker got broken... there's no rough use on this cell phone and its already not working good... terrible quality on the image display 	0
It feels and looks like a brand new phone thank you	1
it exceeded my expectections. Phone looks like new.	1
It don't work shut off but want come back on would like my money back 	0
IT DOESN'T WORK THE WAY I EXPECTED IT CLOSE BY IT SELF AND I'M NOT HAPPY WITH IT	0
"it doesnt work here so i have a phone with no service, so i am not happy. when i checked the product is said service here there isnt."	0
It doesn't work 	0
"It doesn't have a working data function. Can't turn on the 3G or 4G of your mobile network. Once you are outside of wifi, you don't have internet. The screen and camera are shabby at best.  It's slow to respond to simple commands, like a button push within an app/browser etc.  Poorly designed and executed. "	0
"It doesnt cost a $1000.  It does everything that you need a phone for and still has a sound system plug, a home button and isnt oversized.  "	1
"it doesn&apos;t work on the sprint network even tho it says sprint on the phone, it only works for boost mobile network"	0
It does. Not have the 128  gas and it's. Not from t mobile  and it's from verizon	0
"it does not work, it just say's put in sim card tried 4 sim card's still say's put in sim card dont do any thing except say put in sim card, and that's it"	0
It does not work and it is probably fake	0
"It does not tell the truth, it does not answer the messages, it is not responsible and it is deceptive."	0
"It does not take a sim card, so I can`t use it with sasktel"	0
It does not have a reception 	0
It does not connect to att network where I live will try to work it out with them they have offered to help	0
"It do not work on my country, it connects to the gsm network but I can&apos;t make or receive calls, I try to contact the seller but he never respond, I recomend do not buy this phone"	0
"It didn't work, sent back  for a refund. "	0
"It didnt work with AT&T even though the description said it did. Dont buy from this seller, theyll scam you and only offer you a partial refund even though you paid fully for it"	0
It didn't work and it shut down lam sending it back need my money back on my card thank you	0
It didnt fit my iPhone XS Max. The case they send me fit an iPhone XS 	0
It didn't come with a battery 	1
"It did not work right out of the box I had to take it to repair shop and get it fixed before I could use it, cost me $85 to get a new digitizer put in it because the letters on keyboard were not responding to touch."	0
"It did not look so gigantic in the hands of the others.  At first I was scared to drop it because it is awkward to handle and if fact I did drop it on the asphalt but it happened to be really sturdy, no damage done. Otherwise the phone works perfect, no problems with LTE in Canada. The build quality is superb. The seller is great, the phone came as advertised and in 3 days it was delivered. All in all I am happy with this purchase."	1
"It did not have cell reception on Verizon network. The distributer, however, was very quick in providing return information."	0
It cuts off and freezes. I do feel like I got set up. I spent a lot of money on cases for a phone thats no good!!	0
"It crashes way to much, It wont load alot of current apps, "	0
IT could not worked at all.	0
It could not be re-issued or re-registered. trac-fone said it was  outdated and could not be re-used.... ug ug ug  waste of money and time.	0
It could easily replace my tablet besides bring a great phone no	1
It can't be activated 	0
"it cannot used all over the world, the phone is totally locked. it can use only by US boost simcard. the item is not worth.."	0
"It came without charger  the seller did not indicate that the product came without charger , expected to arrive with the charger."	0
It came with a charger that is not even for this phone and constantly stops working for no apparent reason.	0
It came not NEW as discover from the ads	0
It came lock so I haven't been able to use it	0
It came just as described.  Looked great.  Will do business with again.  Speedy service too.  Thank you.	1
"It came in pretty good, no cracks or anything, everything was cleaned up, it was reset so I can put my information in. Overall, this was a good purchase."	1
It came in fast and no problem at all and the price is lower than what others offer	1
It came as described- exactly. I am very pleased with this purchase. It seems too good to be true. 	1
It arrived with an ear broken off holster No instructions	0
"It arrived in excellent condition. Since I had a SIM card from my old phone, the changeover was quite simple. I have tried all of the programs/ applications and they all work well. I was especially glad that GPS and maps work well, as I had difficulty with it malfunctioning with my last iPhone. I felt fortunate to find a 6s that is fully functional and has 128 GBs for my many photos. I am pleased with my purchase and the 30-day trial period. "	1
It arrived broken the glass was broken have try to fix it before chirstmas	0
"It appears that even though they say it would work anywhere where there is GSM, it worked for a while in the country that I sent it to for a gift, and then it began to fail. It presently is NOT functioning as a phone, only as a wifi device via Whatsapp.  I am going over there to see what the problem is personally. It is a very large expenditure for this problem that I have to travel from the US to Colombia, but since it was a gift, I have that obligation.  To be continued.  .E.  "	0
"It advertises that its new and that it works for Verizon, at&t etc. its a lie. Only accepts boost mobile carrier and the phone wasnt brand new. It was used/refurbished. I havent even had the phone 2wks and the screen has all of a sudden stopped working. I have not dropped it or anything. Had to spend $100 on a new screen because they rigged the lcd. (Screen touch detection)"	0
It  is just unreliable -  	0
IT    WORKS   GOOD  !    BUY   ONE   YOU  CANT  GO  WRONG   ! ACTIVATION     GOOD   AND    FAST  T-  MOBILE / ASSURANCE   WIRELESS  !  !    I  BROUGHT    TWO ------  THEY   ARE   SMALL  AND  CUTE ----  FLIP  PHONES ----   BIG   NUMBER'S   TO   SEE...	1
"IS&apos;S BEEN 2 WEEKS SINCE MY HUBBY &amp; I PORTED OUR #&apos;S TO BOOST, HE CAME FROM NEXTEL &amp; I CAME FROM T-MOBILE, IT TOOK ALL BUT 2 MINUTES FOR HIS TRANSACTION 2 B COMPLETE I GUEST BECAUSE NEXTEL/BOOST IS 1 N THE SAME, IT TOOK T-MOBILE ABOUT 1 HOUR, THAT WAS FINE, WE BOTH ORDERED THE i465, &amp; WE ARE SO GLAD WE DID,  WE BOTH LOVE THIS PHONE, THE CALL QUALITY IS AMAZING AS WELL AS THE RECEPTION, I GET BETTER RECEPTION ON BOOST THAN WITH T-MOBIIE, I WORK IN A HOSPITAL &amp; THE RECEPTION IS ABSOLTULY SUPERB, I&apos;M TALKING ABOUT IN ELEVATORS, STAIRCASES THE WHOLE 9! I STILL CAN&apos;T BELEIVE THAT FOR $50.00 A MONTH I GET EVERYTHING! THIS IS SO SWEET! I WENT FROM PAYING $117.00 A MONTH 2 ONLY PAYING $52.77(BOOST ADD SALES TAX 2 YR. MONTHLY BILL) BUT WHO CARES IT ONLY SALES TAX, NOT STATE &amp; GOV. TAXES, NO SURCHARGES EVER! BACK 2 THIS PHONE, THE KEYS R KIND OF SMALL BUT IT&apos;S PERFECT ME CUZ I&apos;M SMALL, ALL OF THE FEATURES R GR8, I READ THAT BOOST HAD DELAYS WITH TEXTING, WE HAVEN&apos;T EXPERIENCE THAT, IT&apos;S BEEN WORKING GR8! MY HUSBAND SAID HE HAD A FEW DROP CALLS BUT U WILL HAVE THAT WITH ALL NETWORKS SOME MORE THAN OTHERS, I WAS TALKING 2 MY SISTER FOR 3 HOURS &amp; NOT A  SINGLE DROP CALL! SHE LIVES IN BROOKLYN, NY I LIVE IN NEW JERSEY, WOO HOO! I WILL NEVER GO BACK, I&apos;M STICKING WITH BOOST 4 LIFE!"	1
Is was advertised as an Boost compatible phone and it is not. Will be returning it. Sim  slot is for AT n T. 	0
"Is very good value, I am very happy with the products "	1
"is very good for the price you have, buy it two months ago and has not given me any major problems, the only thing I&apos;ve noticed is that it takes 1.5 seconds to unmute the microphone at the start of a call, but otherwise is good."	1
Is very expensive and even not FHD  Seriously apple? So sad 	0
Is this for the $50 unlimited plan already have a phone number I can give it to you and I'll pay you $24 and you can give me the card number please	0
"is the simplest and more elegant choise! have everything a modern phone need to have,,, and you can change the battery, easy to fix! a wise choise"	1
Is the screen black?	1
is the best phone!! for me :)!     a like everything about the iphone    not have compaction great!!	1
Is the best Android phone i ever bought	1
Is screening working correctly?	1
"Is not the latest version, but it is still fuctional. It is good for anyone who is not interested in facebook chat."	1
Is not screen protection in the parquet.. sorry..	0
"IS NOT NEW, SOMEONE HAVE USED IT, IT MAY REFUBRISHED"	0
Is nice phone for small money.	1
Is my First IPhone and so dar I have not have any regrets 	1
"Is like the Iphone for metro, I am very delighted with it, and grateful that, we, the not rich people can have some of the new technology available at an affordable price."	1
Is it laggy - Yes Is the battery the best - No  Can I write a real e-mail on it - YES!  Having a real keyboard that slides out means I can now see my entire message at once (no more lost screen space due to the virtual keyboard).   Also the fact the physical keyboard allows for swiping gestures for auto complete and other functions is a huge plus so you don't lose all of the features you've gotten used to with a virtual keyboard.  	1
Is great it works really good I will recommend your website are for family and friends if they looking for a good deal thanks	1
"Is exactly what the seller said, very accurate photos."	1
"Is been a week and I can't believe the Goodman this phone Is... The battery life Is absurdly long, the performance Is amazing. "	1
IS AN EXCELLENT PHONE WITH VERY GOOD MENUS  Battery 3 TO DAY IS VERY EASY TO USE  And very nice appearance and good workmanship	1
Is an excellent phone easy to use and the battery can be working for long time definitely what I paid for this phone is nothing.	1
is a very good cell as p and I wanted to lque very useful for my work comes quickly is a good seller thanks	1
is a super original cell phone fast an the style is amazing good... this cell and the blu cell product in puerto rico are the monster of samsung galaxy series tanks.....	1
is a scammer do not buy it !!! 'I bought a galaxy s8 Plus and I sent a Nokia 1520 inside the box of s8 Plus I have complaint do not buy it do not lose your money	0
is a scammer do not buy it !!! 'I bought a galaxy s8 Plus and I sent a Nokia 1520 inside the box of s8 Plus I have complaint do not buy it do not lose your money	0
Is a pleasure do bussines with him	1
Is a horrrible cellular. It poweroff automatically whithout any previsiòn and anticipation.    Es una verdadera porquerìa. Se apaga solo sin que quieras apagarlo. De la nada se apaga solo. Por favor no lo compren.	0
"Is a grat phone, with big characteristics, almost like Apple or Galaxy."	1
"Is a good price for device but does not work with wifi as it says In other words you get what you pay for The signal is too weak, I had tested with different brands of phone and android/ios which the signal from the device signal kept dissappearing "	0
"is a good phone, with good style, is very practical and easy to use, Is highly recommended, it is also very discreet"	1
"is a bad salesman who sold me a cell phone in poor condition, is a dishonest and deceitful.  the phone was damaged and in poor condition.  the phone was damaged and in poor condition."	0
"iPhone XR is awesome and second generation Face ID work perfectly like hell. The performance is a beast, thanks to the A12 Bionic. Coming from iPhone X, I dont regret upgrading to iPhone XR and I dont missed 3D Touch because I barely use it then. Apple innovation to tweak the IPS display and renamed it Liquid Retina is a great one. it get to a point that I cant differentiate between LCD and OLED. great power management, great portrait camera. This is a great phone of 2018 with a lot of features of high end like XS max. Keep it up....Apple!....waiting for the September update. Thank you "	1
IPhone XR 256 GB Brand New	1
Iphone worked. Delivered as advertised.	1
"iPhone was listed as password locked.  I was able to remove the password, but unfortunately it is also iCloud locked.  I am reselling it."	0
Iphone was for parts but with pictures posted thought the screen was in great condition but happens to be scratched and stained. 	0
iphone that I received the load center does not work I need to be notified to the owner to get my money back	0
iPhone is the only phone to go with! Amazing and very easy to learn! Will never buy another brand again! Great customer service as well!	1
"iPhone is still the most popular brand for clones and the newly launched iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have already been cloned by local manufacturers in China. And the iPhone 7 Plus clone spotted in China is surprisingly very well built and very close to the real iPhone.  The design of these clones is identical to the real iPhone 7 Plus, including the unique antenna bands and the dual camera setup at the back. Not only that, they also feel quite similar to the original iPhone model. Even the software interface is an immitation of iOS 10, so there is a good chance that you might get confused for a second. However, the Touch ID on board seems to be just for show and do not work. Even the general performance of the iPhone 7 Plus Clone, including its camera is no way near that of the original iPhone 7 Plus model but that is to be expected."	0
iPhone is not usable and is in poor condition and seller will not respond or refund was ICloud locked not activation locked and iPhone was more damaged than shown seller will not answer questions 	0
iPhone has multiple heavy dents. Not accurate description 	0
"iPhone came as described, before the date it was to be there. Thanks for the great transaction!"	1
"iPhone arrived as described, unlocked and works well. Thanks. "	1
Iphone 7 received in a timely manner and as stated. Would buy from them again. Very satisfied.	1
"Iphone 6 plus! ! Amazing!! Huge phone, long lasting battery. Everything is perfect. Love it"	1
"Iphone 6 is new. Does work in Australia, is unlocked. Charging cable has international plug but an adapter is packaged with it. So far no problems with phone itself.  Free Gifts- Battery pack and tempered glass both faulty. Battery pack doesn't charge and (very cheap) tempered glass cover broken before even removing it from postal pack."	0
"iphone 5 is a great phone at a great price - especially now that later generations are on the market - one can load the latest ios and be on the same level with the high price new ones - certainly not as much ram and storage, but after you assess yours needs, a great value"	1
Invoee tech sold it to me locked with a contract on it however did make it good just watch what you buy	0
Internet does not work	0
installed on your devise it shows a oily bubble at the screen. 	0
"Inside de IPhone has a ship, the celphone os not unlocked"	0
"Initially, I found that the phone was not a CDMA band type when I tried to use it with Verizon.  Verizon told me that it was incompatible with their network.  So, I switched service providers to a GSM band (T-Mobile) which seemed to work for awhile.  Now, unfortunately, I find that the phone does not work on cellular after I already closed my return option.  It works only with WiFi (my jetpack) and not with cellular, as it should, showing ""no service.""  I am very dissatisfied with the performance, after I paid almost $160.00 for a phone that was supposed to be brand new and compatible with the Verizon network.  My wife has the same Apple 5c phone, and it works find with cellular on the same network I am on, so it is not the service provider.  "	0
"Initially tried this phone on the WalMart StraightTalk network (uses Verizon towers), but the StraightTalk SIM would not work.  Then moved to a genuine Verizon SIM on their prepaid network ($45/month for talk, text and Internet data) and it works great.  Love the new features of the phone, although happily I haven't tested the water resistant qualities.  Great vendor too."	1
Informo que ainda não recebi o produto comprado	0
"INFELISMENTE , VAO RECEBI O PRODUTO CORRETO , PAGUI E COMPREI plus e recebi o normal sem ser PLUS "	0
Incredibly bad product - poorly designed - extremely heavy - terrible at memory mgmt - incredibly slow - it stayed 4gb ram but truly only has 2gb avail for apps	0
Incredibly bad call quality and the battery will not hold a charge longer than 4 hours. 	0
Incompleto. Not sincard. Not charger and not hanfree.   	0
Incoming calls do not ring many times which is very annoying.  Adjusted to the highest volume but ring tone still not loud enough.	0
In very good condition. Love the full keyboard and small size.  Shipping was very fast!  Would definitely buy from this user again!	1
IN THE TITLE SAYS G900F BUT I CHECK THE PHONE AND SAYS G900A	0
"In the title is specifically states that it is a Us Cellular phone, but when I received it and took it to the Us Cellular store I was told that it was an at&t phone and they would not be able to activate it. I contacted the seller, and returned the phone so they could get me a replacement that I could use, but they didn't even have any Us Cellular compatible phones... So I don't know why they advertise a Us Cellular phone when they don't even have any. "	0
In the thing it said nothing about have a very bad battery it dies way to fast it on last like 45 minutes.	0
"in the publication say it&apos;s a GSM phone and they sent me a frame with a stone inside, while the product should espeificar, q do it for me, if I wanted a real phone"	0
In the picture the phone was in good condition and when I got it I was shock that someone even think of selling this. The phone was wear out with big visible damage. side was completely gone.wasn&apos;t what I expected.I sent it back.	0
"In the original ebay ad, the seller mentions minor imperfections in the device, such as screen burns. after using for a week or so i also notice that the LEDs and proximity sensor do not work. The device just feels like it has been torn apart and reassembled terribly with the fluctuations in volume and what seems like a cheap aftermarket battery. I absolutely love the device. I just wish the seller was more honest with his ad."	0
"In the item description it stated it had a hotspot, it does not. Very dissapointed. "	0
"In stand-by, the Signal Strength Meter shows G4/LTE band signal strength until a call comes in, then it switches to show the CDMA (1xRTT) band signal, until the end of the call, then it switches back to G4/LTE band.   LTE signals will always have a lower strength than the CDMA band, because the bandwidth of LTE is much broader.  It does *NOT* mean the receiver in the S6 is weak!   NOTE:  All smartphones will show weaker LTE signals than the voice band (CDMA/1xRTT)"	1
In standby mode the battery lasts for days. It is great.  The phone is compact; however I am able to use the keys easily enough.  The features are plentiful.  If you&apos;re looking for a good basic phone with plenty of options without needing a data package$$$ you&apos;ll enjoy this phone. It is also GSM ready so if traveling abroad you can use this phone.    The seller was wonderful to work with - the phone arrived quickly and as described.	1
In spite of all the i phone and android wizadry you still can't beat a blackberry	1
"In sentences, it hides the reality"	0
In perfect conditions 	1
In perfect condition ! Great value	1
In my opinion this is a pretty decent phone with its sleek look and and nice screen its speedy quick and takes great pictures.  Also for the record if this phone is locked to T Mobile good luck unlocking it if your not a customer and you don't want to pay up to 60 USD for a code.   You need to get service with t mobile to unlock it so if your an international buyer better be prepared to spend the extra money on yes not only a SIM but a plan as well and register your device and call customer service.	1
in future  never buy from over seas suppose to be very good phone but I don&apos;t know what they did half of future not working and  2-3-times  email about problem  even they don&apos;t answer me ... never trust this kind of company any more   I decided let it go any way this is my vote for overseas company especially from china Hong Kong  they are cheater I any way just let ebay know what kind of company dealing with thank you very much    Edward Petros	0
"In excellent condition, I highly recommend it, exactly as described!!"	1
"In April 2006, my wife&apos;s cell phone stopped working. Since I have a very serious heart condition, we feel that we must be in contact at all times. Therefore, the phone is a necessity to us.    My first purchase of a Sanyo cell phone was item number 9717668082. The Seller failed to ship the product as agreed and I was without a phone for more than ten days. When I finally received the product, it looked OK, but when I took it immediately to my Sprint dealer, I was advised it had water damage and would never work properly.     As low as my expectations were at this point, I tried again with the above Sanyo VM 4500 item # 9733059622. I received the item promptly and packaged perfectly. I have now used the phone for about a month and it has functioned exactly as I hoped it would. The Seller of the Sanyo VM 4500 (Item 9733059622) should be commended for his precise representation of his product, his care in packaging, and the reasonable price he received. This Seller restored my faith in Ebay Sellers when he followed up to make certain all was acceptable.    I would never hesitate to offer my thanks to the Ebay Seller that sold me the Sanyo VM 4500 item # 9733059622. The phone has made my life more secure and I know I can reach my wife at any time when she is out of the house. Since I have had six heart operations in the past 2 years, anxiety has become a constant companion of ours. I have purchased cell phones for each of my five children in order that we can remain available and in touch at all times.    My wife and I have made more than 100 purchases through Ebay and have had reasonably good experiences as our feedbacks indicate. Shopping at home is both fun and exciting.     Thank you for the experiences."	1
In android system device model = sm-j500f Which should be Samsung Galaxy J5 SM-J500H / DS Sometimes it works sometimes do not have to turn it off and on for the sim to work	0
"impressed me first thing on ebay, but having now in my hands do not satisfy my expectations  is too wide and too complicated to operate"	0
"Im working in Irak,i cannot use the phone because it is locked and need a security code,i ask unlock shop for the code,but they dont have 1,i got rid of the phone."	0
"I'm very very very disappointed, I bought trash, it's not even an iPhone 6plus"	0
I'M VERY SATISFIED WITH PURCHASING ITEMS FROM EBAY MONTHLY BECAUSE I' ONLY BUY ITEMS I' REALLY NEED FOR MYSELF & MY PRIDE MOBILTY QUANTUM EDGE HD POWER CHAIR	1
"I'm very pleased, Id receive what was promised and right on time. Highly recommend this seller"	1
I'm very pleased with my purchase. Shipment was quick and the product was in excellent condition. 	1
I'm very pleased thus far with this power house!  Super fast and awesome battery life!	1
im very please with my phone 	1
I'm very happy with the phone	1
"im very happy with the item E71, and the very fast shipping I&apos;d recommend the seller if you need a phone."	1
I'm very happy with my new smartphone!!!!	1
I'm very happy with my G4 Play so far. I've only had it for a few days but it seems to be great bang for the buck!	1
Im very disappointed i didnt get what i purchased instead got silver 	0
Im using this as a flight instrument for paragliding using Flyskyhy. Works great	1
I'm used to the size and layout of this iPhone se however my iPhone 5 freezes up. Required battery replacement early on and I got 1 iOS update. Since purchasing the SE which looks brand new not even a hint of use and battery health 98%! Literally stays on for days! I just got my 3rd iOS update yesterday! And thankfully since I same size of iPhone 5 I have lots of cases that fit it already. Camera is nice as the 6S and processor too so is fast. I get safelink wireless lifeline for free and they use tracfone so I plan to activate it with them and port my att number over at same time cause I have a Verizon sim. Works already with sim in it but need to have it on my acct so I can hav it unlocked within 12m or if was used that long already I can activate and then unlock same day. I'm so glad I took a chance. Also got a 5S for my dad cause it's still getting updates but unfortunately it's straight talk but should b same to unlock however having Verizon sim it can't b done they don't activate phones anymore that don't have VoLTE (voice and data over LTE. But my dad can leave att n activate with straight talk cheaper once his contract is up sept. It also appeared to be new. 100.00 total for 2 new looking phones that are amazing thank u eBay. 	1
I'm sure that it is not waterproof as it is advertised and mine has a defection of receiving signals of WIFI and mobile. It is good to use Android device with small screen for fun.	0
I'm still waiting on it. The estimated arrival date was Nov.12th of which fell upon a holiday but I have yet to receive it?	0
I'm still waiting for the car charger that was not sent with the phone...	0
"im sorry, but this was one of the worst purchases that i have ever made concerning a used phone from ebay!        the phone would lock up on occasion because it seemed to be overwhelmed, and that would prompt me to have to turn the phone off and on to re-boot it again.           it would turn off and on by itself, cycle thru commands that i did not prompt, and on several really bad occasions dial back people when it was supposedly locked and in my pocket, or text people when locked and stored in my pocket, prompting some embarrassing explaining on my part!!           the phone was slow to respond to commands, and would get incredibly hot against my ear!  the qwerty key board had a lot to be desired, because it worked only half of the time, and when it did, would misspell words and self correct even though i went thru the settings to make all the neccessary changes on the phone!           to add insult to injury when i bought this paperweight, i was told to go thru ebay to buy my own charger- even though i paid fifty some odd dollars for it!  i have never been so happy for walmart! NOTHING short of a full refund would make me happy, but knowing thats not going to happen, this company can send me a self addressed stamped envelope with postage paid and i will be glad to send them back their phone in better condition than i found it!           i wish the next customer good luck, im not so happy!  i wish that it were not so, but thats the plain truth!"	0
im sorry for the negative review because of me having like 30 battery replacements you get a little mad at it. i got verizon right after	0
I'm so glad that I decided to purchase this phone from the seller. He was a very helpful guy. The best decision I could have ever made. 	1
Im satisfied with this product and with the seller. I recommend them. 	1
Im returning this phone. My first indication of hassles and problems came with the dreaded black screen/full audio on YouTube. I have to constantly clear the YouTube cache between videos...unacceptable. The screen arbitrarily goes black while driving and listening to a podcast or while navigating with Google maps. Im sticking with LG- not as crisp a screen an a bit slower but theyve all been dead reliable for me.	0
"Im returned it to the seller, im just waiting on my refund. "	0
I'm really happy with my purchase. Thank you!	1
"I'm pretty sure...like everything else under ebay sales or site must work or have a customer satisfaction service they can back up but this product in particular (Alcatel One Touch cellphone) was advertised as: ""in working conditions"" and in: ""fair conditions""...that wasn't true. I went to a authorized Boost Mobile store agent in which we tried to activate the same...the Boost Mobile representative said...the cellphone was no good. It wouldn't update or comply with the set up or programming in which it was indicating: ""Error code FFFFF"". That was a waste of time, resources and effort. "	0
I'm pleased with the phone. It's serving me well 	1
I'm only  a day  in but I'm loving everything  about  this phone! It's in great  shape  and works great! Great price! So glad to be back with Samsung!	1
im not verry happy about the fact that the owner before me has the phone locked so cant use the phone at all.	0
Im Not used to the Little key board... I Dont Like the Auto word finish... messes up typing words that I didnt use...	0
Im not sure if i received a malfunctioned phone but it was not working properly and it overheated every time. Also it was controlling it self which i found very odd. Switched to the s4 instead from another seller. 	0
Im never ordering from here it didnt work!!! 	0
I'm loving it so far exactly as pictured and when I had questions the Seller got back to me fast 	1
I'm just starting to get familiar with my phone. It's in perfect condition.! Thank You ! 	1
"im joying cbs app for football and other sports, directions on gps app it great that pretty much sums it up!"	1
"Im in a bit of economic hardship, this product is currently not possible to purchase, thank you for your interest.see you later friend."	1
"Im in a bit of economic hardship, this product is currently not possible to purchase, thank you for your interest.see you later friend."	1
Im happy with my iPhone 6 Plus 	1
I'm Happy we the phone  	1
I'm happy about everything with the product except for the fact that I've realized after testing 5 different charging cables on my phone and another micro usb port phone that the charging port on my S6 active is faulty and the wire must be jerked at an odd angle with pressure applied to maintain constant charging.	0
"I'm going to root the phone, so no comment. Ha, ha."	1
I'm going bk to my S3 at least you can put your own sim card in for as much memory as you want.. I'm wiping this thing and selling it. I got a great deal on ebay so getting my money bk will be no problemo.	0
I'm going  to  return  it	0
"I'm glad with this purchase, very satisfied. The phone is new, clean, unlocked and ready to use. Thank you very much!"	1
I'm extremely happy with my purchase.  I finally  suffered the death of my old Amazon Fire Phone and desperately needed to upgrade.  I decided to treat myself to a flagship phone and I was not disappointed. A very great deal nonetheless! Thank you very much!	1
I'm expecting a FULL refund on this transaction . As already advised the order was placed by accident and was cancelled immediately -that cancellation acknowledged by ebay - and ignored by everyone since -there was absolutely no excuse for causing all the shipping and return costs .If this request is not acceptable then please cancel my ebay account . Howard Carey .  	0
"I'm an Android collector, this is currently the best device on the market. Best camera, best great feel in the hand, big battery, I use it on AT&T and it works great on LTE. Blows the Pixels and the Samsung's out of the water. Oreo is real nice on this device."	1
"I'm a very experienced android user.  I've really enjoyed the phone, it is fast, bright, fairly long battery life.  Bought this phone 32 days ago and yesterday it shut-down while I was watching a youtube clip, and will not turn on.  Factory resetting it is not working, new battery did not help.  I'm going to see if the seller is willing to take a return..."	0
"I'm a little upset with the phone. To make a long story short, I can't use the phone. It randomly reboots itself with the error message ''you're device is corrupt'' Guess i just got bum phone."	0
"I'm a faithful windows phone user but this is just ridiculous, I've used Lumia 830, Lumia 640XL, Lumia 1520 and now this junk Alcatel 4s windows, I bought it on May 2017 and there hasn't been any SW updates for this clunker, whatsapp always gives issues, FB Messenger crashes all the time, and now the alarm clock doesn't work,cannot backup my info. meaning a hard reset will make me lose all my info. Android is not an option for me so I've been planing to move to iPhone for a while, all the phones above mentioned have the same issues, and nothing is been done about it, we the faithful users are screwed by Microsoft big time and they don't care."	0
"Ilove my samsung Galaxy core, the only thing is I still can&apos;t  get use to it yet, because it lock on me when I am talking. and I still have to tap on the phone, that part I don&apos;t like, I thought it was going to be unlock all times, even when I am talking on it. but I still like it anyway, thank you for asking."	1
"I'll try to keep this short and to the point.  Prior to this experience, I've never returned anything in my life. But I had my first two returns with this company! I ordered this over a month ago with the intent for it to be a birthday present on November 26th (today is December 28th). It arrived promptly but was damaged upon arrival. (Remember, this item is listed as ""NEW""). Customer service was good at promptly creating a return and shipping me out a replacement. The replacement that was shipped out was also damaged and could not be activated by verizon! I returned that device also, then they tell me there is nothing they can do because that was the last ""NEW"" phone! Then it took them OVER A WEEK to refund my money back!  In short: I lost money. I lost time. I'm in the same position I was in over a month ago before dealing with this shady company. I do not recommend them. Verizon said the phone was used when I tried to activate it. Phone problems: First phone had a loose back button that felt cheap and was driving me crazy. Second phone could not be activated by verizon because the phone would not recognize the Sim Card (Bad Reader)! They promised they would refund me for wasted screen protectors I bought and applied on their broken phones - DID NOT RECEIVE A REFUND."	0
"iLike The Item, But Unfortunately  i had to return it, but the sellers communication, time frame was absolutely amazing, diffidently will make future purchases.."	1
"Il telefono è molto bello, comodo, leggero, maneggevole e funzionalissimo. E&apos; molto bello. Lo schermo è luminosissimo ed efficace.  Mi piace molto."	1
"Il prodotto si presentava bene, alla deswcrizione, all&apos;aquisto era conforme, solo un contrasto msulle spese di spedizione che o dovuto sopportare in più, ma al ricevimento il prodotto corrispondeva alla descrizione, se i prezzi di spedizione fossero conformi farei altri affari con  lui"	1
Il ne m'a jamais remboursé ni envoyez mon cellulaire suite a une demande d'annulation qu'il a refusé. Ce type est un menteur. Il m'a renvoyez une réponse avec le numero de shipping d'une autre commande qui n'est pas la mienne j'habite au Canada. M'a niaisé et fait perdre mon temps pendant 3 jours pour l'annulation et n'a jaimais envoyer l'article...Je ne recommande pas cette boutique à personne vous allez vous faire avoir ... Soyez prudent .	0
Il ne fonctionne plus apres à peine 1 an!!PAS de garantie si l'avoir avoir acheter dans un pays exterieur!!I C'est un pensé s'y bien ??	0
Il ma voler mon argent de 520$ je le veux en main propre par la poste au cod a mon adresse postal ses un voleur ce mec 	0
Il have juste bought but if beleive batterie  lire in lasting  longer  thank	1
Il est sois disant antichoc.... il est tombe dun mètre et lappareil photo ne fonctionne plus. Dommage belle appareil	0
"il est petit, on peut le mettre facilement dans la poche, n&apos;a pas le wifi, mais franchement on s&apos;en passe, les sms et mms sont largement suffisant,l&apos;appareil photo est bien sans plus,pour mettre une chanson en sonnerie il ne faut pas qu&apos;elle soit trop volumineuse"	1
Il est pas arrivé 	0
"If you're into versatility for your phone that's offered my different modules, then you will find the Moto Z3 to meet every need and desire. The connections are clear and stable. It was very easy to migrate my data from my Moto Z1.  The display is crisp and clear, and the battery life is phenomenal with the battery module. I am a fan of Motorola phones which is why I upgraded from a Moto Z1 to my Z3. The only hesitation one might have is if they desire a smaller phone. I prefer this size, but one size will not please everyone.  The price is definitely a strong point as well, making this a relatively easy decision for me.  "	1
"If you're fortunate enough to actually get a T-Mobile phone, it's terrific. Most are Metro PCS.  Even if it's unlocked, if you're a T-Mobile customer, the Metro apps don't work. Any T-Mobile apps  have to be manually downloaded. "	1
"If you you like tiny things, and have tiny hands, this phone is for you!  It is kind of cool that it is so small, but that just means the screen is TINY.  I sold it back and got the Samsung SGH T809."	0
"If you would like to see your cell phone as a phone, not a computer, this one is a best. I have them over years now and just change battery when it&apos;s going bad, or bought another one, newest, and change the body, when the flip broke down.  No complains about this particular model."	1
"If you were a serious seller, you will send me the cams to put it on the cell phone, since they went bad, I hace been a buyer in eBay forma several years and no one would hace cheated con me. I am very disappinted un you."	0
"If you want to use this product in europe, do not by it it will cost a fortune to reset the phone."	0
If you want to go back to 1999 buy this phone... slow and old.. You can't download apps... 	0
If you want it just for messaging and texting your fine.  but I kept getting messages saying my device was incompatible when I was trying to download apps. 	0
"If you want a real phone don't lose your time with this one. I bough 4, one of them was damaged, did not worked."	0
If you need a non camera phone and don't want a contract there are a surprising number of BYOP phone services   The phone was built for the construction environment tough and ready when you need it to be	1
If you looking the toy for child Samsung E2550 Mobile Phone is the best one ;) The seler offered help ones and then did not answered my calls. The mobile ie useless.	0
"If you like the Windows OS then you will not be disappointed by this phone. The 5 inch screen is not so large as to make this phone too large for hand or pocket and has wide viewing angles. The stylish design retains the dedicated camera button that seems to be unique to Lumia phones. The camera takes great shots even in low light conditions without using the included flash. The battery easily lasts through a busy day of calls, texts and browsing with charge to spare. The battery is also removable. Its slim design is nicely balanced so it feels light in the hand. Call quality is excellent. "	1
"if you know what you are doing, this phone is great. The screen is gorgeous, you can get 4.0 ice cream sandwich from xda, battery lasts a day with wifi and frequent use. There is very little lag and very responsive. So far it has not crashed on me :)"	1
If you just want a texting phone this is a Great one.  Easy to use has a full key board.  Takes Good pictures.	1
"If you dont want to waste your time, stay away from this product. They say It is ""unlock"" even in title but when you get it, surprise!! Deal with returning process if you have much time. Unfortunately I asked before ordering than I had ordered. But they send me locked product and I return it without paying. If you have much more time,  try your chance may be you can get correct one. But to be honest, It was good looking."	0
if you don't need a smart phone this is the best out there. long battery life and qwerty key board. some things just don't need fixing. 	1
"If you don't need 1 million apps and like most people use only 40 or 50 on a regular basis, a Windows 10 phone is a great choice. The Lumia 950 is fast, syncs information with your desktop and has all of the top of the line features. You can get all of these benefits for less than $150 US if you shop around. Buying a strong but less popular phone lets you have flagship hardware at a bargain price. "	1
"If you decide to buy a V60i, and you need to use your SIM card in it, make darn sure the sell knows whether it really has a SIM card slot. Many of them have no idea, they just think caise it says AT&amp;T onit it takes a SIM."	0
"If you can find one of these in great  shape, buy it.  Very sturdy, good sound, lasts a LONG time."	1
If you by this phone you will regret it it gets stuck all the timedont waist your money	0
"If you ask me, I would only buy from people like this seller period. His listings are exactly as stated, no surprises, no lies, no BS. He gave me a hell of a deal at a good price. I highly, highly recommend this seller point blank end of story. Have no fears or doubts when you come across this one. To the seller, ""Thanks for the G5, absolutely flawless""."	1
"If you are looking for a great internet phone--this isn&apos;t for you. Buy a Droid. Buy an iPhone. Once past that, though, this still works great and does some things, like keeping your calendar sync&apos;d on your desktop, better. It is a good ebook reader and a good mp3 player. It is a great PDA. There are still lots of available apps. Maybe it doesn&apos;t look as cool and it is certainly true that it is a lousy phone if you are into web browsing or streaming video or the like. Cloud computing is not its forte. But for many people this works just great, it has an SD card slot that can handle up to 32gb (although Palm specs don&apos;t say so), you can keep things on the card instead of relying on the cloud, which may not always be available, and it is affordable. You can spend more and do worse."	1
If you are going to sell then make up your mind before deciding to do so. Don't put on market if not 100% sure you want to sell... Review is based on this seller pulling the product off the market. Thanks seller	0
"If you are considering buying this phone, just avoid it. It comes with a touchscreen issue, supposedly related to a software bug. Surprisingly, it is not fixed through any update available online. You just have to take it to a Sony Service Center, where no one has a clue about the problem  it seems that the patch is available in service centers in India only."	0
if tis costs under 50 dollars its a scam	0
If the title says VERIZON tell me why is it that when I put in my SIM card from my old phone and after numerous times of going to the Verizon store and having them tell me that it will not work AND calling Apple support that it does not work. I dont know what is going on here but I will be getting my money back if you people dont tell me how this can work. 	0
"If the seller doesn't like how low the price is, they will message you are tell you that a product was ""misplaced"" Example that happened to me: product description says includes everything in the picture and then goes into detail about it. Like: comes with the ""wireless charging pad"" however the seller messages you and says they ""misplaced"" the charging pad if they do not like how low the price is. Then goes on to repost the same pictures with the same item description and charges more for it. Stay away from buying anything from ""myindustries"" There are also reviews that the product doesn't come with the pen and that the screens are cracked. Word of advice: Do not base your decision off the best reviews. Stay away from this listing and seller."	0
"if the phone was a good working phone for the seller, it should have been problem free when I got it.  I had Samsung set the phone up over the phone but they told me that they need to see it to trouble shoot it.  very poor transaction seller did offer me a full refund but I need to have a phone. this one I could dial out and receive calls. Texing is terrible. wrong letters pop up when not even hit. now I need to buy a working phone while the seller enjoys my 83.00 even if he offered me a refund.  "	0
"If the phone lost the signal, it wouldn't automatically reconnect."	0
If So don't work Then Please don't put it on eBay Thanks And Please	0
"if its your lucky day I answer.   Yep I can here you now, loud and clear! Easy buttons to push and operate by sight, feel, and guides you cant miss.      This is my camera, my retired digital cameras werent pricey but cost the same as this phone. The pictures this phone takes download on to a sony memory stick or in the phones memory.  It can store more pictures or film then I could ever max out, the zoom and quality of picture surpassed my other cameras.    I will keep this phone until it is officially a antique.  I mourn if its lost or broken, I really have nothing bad to pass along."	1
if it's good or bad I do not know because it never came to my hands	0
"If it&apos;s a GOOD one, it will be very very GOOD! But if it&apos;s BAD, it will be BLANK! New from Cricket, it was a GREAT phone, but in less than 9 months, both LCD&apos;s had gone out! No display of settings, pictures, text mess, phonebook, etc,BLANK. Couldn&apos;t even tell if phone was on, off or dead! Decided to shop Ebay for another 8900, since I had the software &amp; accessories (&amp; just maybe, I BROKE IT?) But then, I found several 8900&apos;s being sold &quot;as is&quot; or for&quot;parts only&quot; due to the SAME PROBLEM!!. Did some checking on-line &amp; discovered this &quot;defect&quot; far to common, to spend anymore money on. So spend a little more $ and get the 8910!! They kept all the good stuff &amp; none of the bad!"	0
"If it doesn't work and is for parts only , please put that in the heading so people like me don't waste their money and time !!! That is where you would put something that is "" clearly stated "" !!! "	0
If I like their form and very good performance. Responds very quickly to all apicaciones and I like the good shots in short everything I like.	1
"If I could rate this as zero stars, I would. I&apos;ve had nothing problems with it. Dropped calls every day, poor sound quality, limited ringtones, over sensitive keys and qwerty board letters are too close together and rounded, so they hard to hit unless you have tiny fingers and long nails. Worst phone purchase ever."	0
"If anyone is looking for a smartphone this is it, don&apos;t let the size fool you this is a cool phone with a really great camera. Everything you need in a phone."	1
"If all you want to do is have a short conversation and take pictures this phone is for you. But if you do not like playing with toys stay away from this phone. it is true you get what you pay for. This phone has limited options, NO mute, no missed calls view and dailing the numbers is difficult if you have adult hands. Worst purchase ever for me."	0
"If all you want to do is have a short conversation and take pictures this phone is for you. But if you do not like playing with toys stay away from this phone. it is true you get what you pay for. This phone has limited options, NO mute, no missed calls view and dailing the numbers is difficult if you have adult hands. Worst purchase ever for me."	0
"If all you want (for God&apos;s sakes) in this techno~ridden world...is a freakin&apos; phone you can press digits on to make a call...this is it! (If you want a data~laden, 3D blue~screen, lock-up, sketchie photo loadin&apos;, scratchie speaker, text to read-their-mind / see-people-nood ~yikes~ &apos;intelli-fone&apos; that don&apos;t work...get an iPhone)  Thank you very much."	1
"ID locked, can't use. Seller doesn't provide any assistance. The box I received is different from picture. Bad experience!"	0
I'd like it better if it had day long power.	1
I'd don't work good and the scoring and the Pict are not good	0
"I'd always been sketchy about buying phones online, even after reading reviews and whatnot; but I was thankfully and wonderfully proven wrong. This phone functions and operates just like brand new and I haven't a single complaint in the world. Usually I reply to my purchases sooner, but it took a couple days as I was busy being taken by the well known magic and wonder of getting, setting up, and exploring a new phone. This was probably singlehandedly the best online purchase I've ever made. Thank you, MistyElectronics!"	1
Ich habe keinen Sony Ericsson CH-388 Cell Phone gekauft. Sorry.xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx	0
"Ich habe für meine Mutter ein neus,einfaches Handy gesucht und dieses gefunden.  Sie hat mit diesem Händy sehr viel Spaß.Hare war i.o.Abwicklung,super."	1
"Ich habe ein Mobiltelefon von einem Mitglied aus Groß Britannien ersteigert.  Kontakt und Versand lief hervorragend. Zahlung per Pay Palauch.  Was mir nicht gefällt:  Ich habe das Mobiltelefon am 03.02.2008 ersteigert und kann es bis zum heutigen Tag, den 11.03.2008 nicht benutzen, weil es durch den zusätzlichen Sicherheitscode gesperrt ist.  Trotz mehrfacher Aufforderungen per Mail, konnte der Verkäufer mir diesen Code nicht zusenden.  Er hat zwar versprochen den Code ausfindig zu machen, leider höre ich nun nichts mehr von ihm.  Die Verständigung, englisch-deutsch und umgekehrt, erschweren die Kommunikation.    Ich habe auf dieses Handy geboten, weil meine Frau so eines hatte und unbedingt wiederhaben wollte."	0
"Ich habe das handy nie bekommen       scheiss arschloch  er ist wirklich arschloch    15,55 euro hat er mir geklaut     und immer noch kein handy    und jetzt weiter machen ueber rechts anwalt kostet noch mehr"	0
"Ich habe das Handy als Top gekauft,und was war,Akku kaputt,ich muß es alle 2 Std laden,ohne das ich das Handy benutzt habe.Schrott!!!bin richtig stink sauer."	0
"Ich benötigte ein neues, aber einfach zu bedienendes Handy ohne Kamera. Die Form ist schön klein für die Handtasche."	1
Iam really disappointed i bought 2 j3 samsung on october 23 and 25 up till now i have not yet received the two phones. Can you please refund back my money.  Esther	0
I9 4G Quad-Band Dual card Unlocked Mobile Phone  pense que era un iphone pero no fue asi ademas el adaptador de vehiculo no funciono en ese telefono... no era lo que pensaba	0
"im really dissapointed because the ingo taht appears im the web site its fake, the cellphone doesnt comes unlocked, and isnt for gsm, its cdma, an locked. I try to do a return but when i send the item the courier lost it. so i lost the money ..."	0
I&apos;ve used this phone for 1 year and had excelent service with all of its great features. until I left sprint now my service sucks:-(	1
I&apos;ve used this model since 2010. It has everything one needs to keep in touch and keep up with the world&apos;s retarded pace. I love that it has everything expected from a mobile device plus more.	1
"I&apos;ve tinkered around with this smartphone many times at U.S. Ceullular. I decided to buy one off eBay just yesterday and am waiting for it in the mail!  I have a few friends that have these and they work great. They&apos;re great at multitasking with all the ram they have.  Battery life seems to be an issue with all smartphones so I won&apos;t complain about that.  This will be my first phone with a front facing camera.  I currently have a Samsung Mesmerize but decided to switch to this Electrify because it has more space, more ram, and a better cpu!  I do however wish the retail price was lower."	1
"I&apos;VE READ DESCRIPTIONS AND INFO ABOUT THIS PHONE AND IT SOUNDS LIKE A PANASONIC BRAND.  BUT THIS PHONE IS NOT PANASONIC, IS A JOKE!  NOTHING MAKE SENSE IN THIS PHONE AND IT&apos;S TOO SMALL TO HANDLE AND IT COMES WITH NO INSTRUCTIONS OR USER HANDBOOK.  I KNOW NOW AND NOT RECOMENDED TO ANYONE ON THIS ITEM!  IT&apos;S MY FALSE, AND I TAKE FULL RESPONSABILITY FOR MY OWN NOT THE SELLER..."	0
"I&apos;ve owned this phone for 9 years now and it WILL NOT die... It&apos;s been dropped countless times, even got lost in my snow-packed driveway and encased in ice for a week.  It had been driven over, shoveled over, frozen solid. When I found it I simply put it on the charger and it lit right up and worked fine.  I travel all over the continent (pilot) and always amazed how this phone will work in the wilds of Alaska, Rocky Mountains, or the deep south where my friends&apos; fancy GSM phones have no coverage.  Too bad AMPS and TDMA are going away."	1
"I&apos;ve owned this phone for 9 years now and it WILL NOT die... It&apos;s been dropped countless times, even got lost in my snow-packed driveway and encased in ice for a week.  It had been driven over, shoveled over, frozen solid. When I found it I simply put it on the charger and it lit right up and worked fine.  I travel all over the continent (pilot) and always amazed how this phone will work in the wilds of Alaska, Rocky Mountains, or the deep south where my friends&apos; fancy GSM phones have no coverage.  Too bad AMPS and TDMA are going away."	1
"I&apos;ve owned this phone before but I have to say I don&apos;t mind spending an extra few dollars (or even 20 if I had to spend that much to get one of these) for another. I remember these phones because of its great durability and its compact size. Never really liked the color of the phone but those could always be replaced with face plates. This phone is practically invincible. In fact, I threw it on the ground today just for fun. The vibrate feature is very strong too, unlike the current phones up to date. Sometimes, when I walk around or stand around and my phone vibrates, I couldn&apos;t even feel it. The old school Nokia phones contain vibrations so strong that it would stop me dead at my tracks because I feel it rumble. Great stuff and recommended for someone who needs a phone as a phone that is compact and durable, not as a camera, mp3 player or anything else."	1
I&apos;ve had this phone for almost 2 years now. I have never had a problem with it. The tracfone service has very good coverage in my area. The battery life in this phone is good too.	1
"I&apos;ve had this phone for about four years and LOVE it!  The large font and loud speaker and earphone are SO helpful for us old folks.  And the buttons are very easy to read and light up too.  The phone is small, light, and thin - perfect for wearing on a neck lanyard.  The back cover does come off too easily (I lost mine), but for $5 to $8 on Ebay you can get terrific snap-on covers that work beautifully.    I&apos;ve never found any other phone to touch the Vero except for three phones that are essentially clones of this phone and differ mostly cosmetically.  These are the Sanyo Mirro (also out of production and on Sprint) and the NEW Kyocera Coast (on Boost) and the Kyocera Kona (on Virgin).  BTW, Kyocera owns Sanyo.     The latter two are all but identical and do have an improved camera of 2mp instead of the 1.3mp on the Vero and Mirro.  They also have lanyard holes on the BOTTOM of the phone where they belong (Vero&apos;s are on top).  Neck lanyards, btw, are THE best way to prevent lost or dropped phones ... mine is ALWAYS around my neck when I go out and has NEVER been dropped or lost or stolen.  Best news of all: the Vero and Mirro may now be used on TING, a new provider using the Sprint network along with FREE roaming on the whole Verizon network, with pricing MUCH lower than Sprint&apos;s and NO contract.  Check out Ting.com for a really nice surprise.      The Kona and Coast are not yet on the Ting system, but here&apos;s hoping.  Why?  Because they sell NEW on Amazon for $15 to $18 right now, the bargain of the century!  This is great stuff, folks!"	1
"I&apos;ve had this phone for about a year and a half. The case is not durable at all. My casing has several knicks in it just from normal use and half of it is peeled off. My battery life started decreasing about 4 months ago. I can only talk for about 20 minutes before it completely dies. It also tends to change ringing styles without me or anything touching it. The only good thing about it, which actually just might be Verizon, is I got service in the middle of the ocean while on a cruise while no one else did, but besides that, there are no other perks. My suggestion? Don&apos;t waste money on this phone,you can get a much better phone for the same price."	0
"I&apos;ve had one of these for many years. Plus features: nearly indestructible, flip phone so no pocket dialing, great battery life, small, no one tries to steal it, doesn&apos;t have wifi (how connected do we really need to be?). It has plenty of basic useful apps (calendar, alarm, camera etc) Dislikes - hard to read screen in sunlight, more so as it ages, no wifi (now and then it would be handy), hard to hear the ring tones or feel vibration at highway speed on a motorcycle, sometimes hard to converse in noisy areas. Bought a 2nd one to eventually replace my current phone when/if it ever dies. I have a laptop, desktop, Nikon DSLR, GPS and a roll of toilet paper, don&apos;t see the need to stuff them all into my phone, this little guy is great and tough!"	1
"I&apos;ve had my Palm 650 for 7 years - a &quot;smartphone&quot; before smartphones were common.  I love this phone/PDA and have used it actively for all these years.  I especially like the Palm Desktop software, which is now outdated and only supported as legacy software.  I kept my Palm Treo in a leather case and used a desktop &quot;hot sync&quot; to sync it with the desktop software:  this has kept my calendar and all my contacts up-to-date.  It&apos;s true that now other smartphones offer more, but this phone has seen me through plenty of travails.  I&apos;m unwilling to change to a different smartphone until I&apos;m sure that I&apos;ll find one that I&apos;m confortable with and has the ease of syncing as my Treo has.  With Palm being purchased by HP I was hoping for a new, updated wave of Palms, but it looks as though this isn&apos;t going to happen.  Too bad!  In any case, my Palm Treo 650 has and continues to serve me well  :)"	1
"I&apos;ve had it for over a month and like the phone better than my previous Motorola Razr 3. Especially the size, as it&apos;s shorter and therefore doesn&apos;t fall out of a back pocket like the Razr would. Although it is wider, but that isn&apos;t a problem to me."	1
"I&apos;ve had every phone and operating system over the years and I must say, this wasn&apos;t what I was expecting from windows. My most recent change from Android 4 and IOS 6 has been a pleasant surprise. I haven&apos;t found too many things this phone WON&apos;T open (common occurrence with IOS) and syncing with the phone is flawless. My business mail is more reliable than IOS (which I thought was perfect) and calls are always strong and clear.  The system never slows down, never hangs or stutters, and I only reboot because I think its a good idea....not because I have to. Battery is better than average for what I&apos;m used to but could be better. It&apos;s definitely better than Android and probably on par or a little better than IOS. This phone hasn&apos;t left me lacking in any way since I&apos;ve had it. I&apos;ve always been a fan of Nokia since back in the day and I think I will continue that now with this phone lineup.  If you want or need something different than Android and IOS and haven&apos;t liked Windows phones in the past, I highly recommend the Windows phones now because they are NOTHING like the old windows. Our company is slowing phasing out IOS to this platform due to less problems and better compatibility.  They are just rock solid phones."	1
"I&apos;ve been using a Nokia 3585i for more than three years now, and I love it.  But it&apos;s not for everyone, especially when compared to the technology that&apos;s now available.  (This phone does not offer features like a camera, an mp3 player, or video capability.  It does offer text-messaging and a few games.)    The Nokia 3585i is an older-model cellphone with basic features - &quot;candy bar&quot; design (which means it&apos;s not a tiny little flip-phone), black &amp; white screen, a pull-up antenna, there&apos;s no SIM card, and it has a little weight to it).  The menus are easy to understand, the phone is easy to program, and it works very well.  You can store up to 500 phone numbers in it.    This is a good choice for someone who&apos;s looking for a basic, sturdy cellphone.  (I&apos;m not particularly hard on my cellphone, but I think even Naomi Campbell would have a difficult time breaking this phone!)    My only word of caution is that Nokia does not make this phone (or parts for it) any longer, so when it goes, it goes, and it&apos;s highly unlikely that you&apos;ll be able to replace it with a new one.  I recently DID have to replace my 3585i, and I was very lucky to find a used one in very good shape and with very little talk-time on it.      Still, I recommend this workhorse of a phone for any basic or new user who&apos;s not looking for all the bells and whistles that newer-model cellphones offer.  It works well, which is pretty much all I require in a cellphone.    Hope this review helped you."	1
I&apos;ve always been a fan of nokia but went to sony ericsson and when i bought the 6301 i fell in love all over again	1
"I&apos;m very pleased with this phone.  I have had a flip phone for years and looking to upgrade a little to make texting easier, but I have no desire or need for an over the top smartphone.  I just want to make calls, text my son from time to time and maybe snap a photo if the situation arises.  This fits my needs perfectly.  It has just enough features to be more up to date, but not overly confusing.  I am very happy with this phone!"	1
i&apos;m very happey to buy from him ifound it very good  and i&apos;m recommended him to evry one   it is very good product	1
I&apos;m Trust Saller but Saller is 2 times cheat me for refund my money.Saller said first Saller need to remove my feedback i did it then Saller request to remove eBay case that time also i&apos;m trust Saller. Please help to refund my money	0
"I&apos;m sorry my friend, but threw away their money. I do not what is not working, and I can not help me. &apos;m sorry that you do not understand me!"	0
I&apos;m so glad when I begin to use your smartphone.  My suggestion is  about the headphone it&apos;s very difficulty to find it	1
"I&apos;m SO glad I made sure to check that this phone was still under warranty before purchasing.  The seller advertised this as a NEW Apple 5c yet within 2 weeks of receiving it, the battery stopped charging.  When I received it, the item had clearly been opened and repackaged.  Which would have been fine if it wasn&apos;t so poorly repackaged.  Thankfully, I went to my nearest Apple store and they replaced it right away.  Based on the quality I received the phone in, it should have been described as used.  There were also issues with the touch screen from day one. Overall, the phone is cheaper than I would have paid in store, but still not worth the price."	0
I&apos;m prepaid phone user and It is such a great phone to use. I like the simple phone like this one. There is no disklike about the product. It&apos;s also cheap.	1
I&apos;m on my phone all the time playing games and the battery lasts quite a long time. It has a lot of space/memory too. I&apos;ve never been happier with any other phone and I&apos;ve had a lot of phones. My only problem with At&amp;t itself is the horrible customer service. The people I dealt with were rude and didn&apos;t know what they were doing.	1
"I&apos;m not sure what date I bought this, but it already doesn&apos;t work.  Won&apos;t charge or hold a charge.  What a waste."	0
I&apos;m happy whit my cell... thanks  I&apos;m happy whit my cell... thanks  excellent service!!    I recomend this... so good	1
I&apos;m hanging onto my great AT&amp;T Plan. This phone is the last &amp; best of the Chipless candybars.The seller provided me with a good used phone.	1
I&apos;m glad for my choice!!! I&apos;m a big fan of NOKIA .... I will not change my brand anytime soon :0)))!!!  What I would like to say is ..... After few days the white little part under the keyboard... was out :0(((( for no reason.... and I notice that is kind of loose. Other than that everything seems to be very good!	1
I&apos;m giving this phone to my boyfriend and I decided to take it for a spin :P It quite the phone! I am 100% sure my boyfriend will enjoy this phone!	1
I&apos;m enjoying my new phone. I did have a proble w/ it being really slick so I had to had a case for it. But since then it has been great. I&apos;m still getting to know how to use the phone. The battery does NOT last long though.  The seller sent it out right away which was really nice to received quickly.	1
I&apos;m disappointed with this item and spent a lot of money fixing it. The person working on it said the phone probably was dropped because it&apos;s not working either to call or to send text no battery charger either.	0
"I&apos;m amazed with the dedication to customer support but still shipping something from china? It will obviously take a while, regardless of waiting time everything from customer service to the cellphone quality was good. I recommend anyone to buy here."	1
"I&apos;m a total sony ericsson fan boy i&apos;ll admit. This phone is pretty much everything you could want, but if you want really good music get a pair of the headphones they ship with the walkman line phones as they are higher quality than the ones that come with this phone."	1
"I&apos;m a little disappointed in this product. It is not well made in my opinion. Only thing I can compare to is a kids toy phone. I had the phone for about a week and noticed what I thought was a scratch in the screen, needless to say it was not a scratch it was a crack. As I was applying a screen protector it became very apparent that it was a crack cause it split all the way across. This phone was never dropped or used roughly and came new. I was furious. As far as function goes it functions like any other windows phone but cannot be updated past 7.5. Just not impressed, word of experience get a better quality phone, and don&apos;t waste your money on it."	0
"I&apos;m a huge Matrix fan and this phone is perfect!  So what it can&apos;t text message or surf the web, it&apos;s a cool piece of movie memorabilia."	1
I&apos;ll say this is a ok phone it just needs more space to be a droid but overall good battery not good on it at all	0
I wrote te seller before to ask for information ans I was told the only thing was that is not coming in the original package and at the end when i received the phone it doesn't work.	0
"I wouldn't recommend these phones to anyone. It is not the sellers fault by oh means.. The phones lag bad, shuts off and restarts on its own.."	0
I wouldnt hesitate to buy from him again. Very honest and flexible. Communication with the seller is very good and fast. Highly recommend!	1
"I wouldn&apos;t pay $5 for this phone now that I know.  I have never had so many complaints about call quality from the person on the other end of the line.  The internet doesn&apos;t work right, I could never even get it to download my email.  By the way, you can only have it check 1 email account.  You can set up more than one, but only one can be &quot;active&quot;. The GMail app is useless!  The keyboard doesn&apos;t come up when you tap the login field, so there is no way to log in for GMail.  The other Google apps they put on the phone go to the Chinese version, some have the option to use go to English site, some do not.  The accelerometer doesn&apos;t even work, it only uses landscape mode for pictures and videos.    I bought this phone for the sole purpose to be a temporary phone (a couple months max until the hot new Android phone comes out) to test/try out using Android and decide if I can get used to a design without a physical keyboard... this is NEITHER.  THIS IS NOT ANDROID.  IT IS A FAKE OS TO LOOK LIKE ANDROID.  You can&apos;t even add icons to the home pages.  And as mentioned earlier, the keyboard does not even rotate to landscape, and is tiny, not finger friendly.  This is a stylus phone (built-in on the side), not really conducive to touch except for navigating through menus and settings... which I did A LOT trying to make the thing work.      Bottom line.. DON&apos;T WASTE YOUR MONEY.  My &quot;temporary&quot; phone lasted me a week, now I&apos;m back to my crappy Windows Mobile phone (ATT 8525) until I decide on which REAL Android device to get."	0
"I wouldn&apos;t pay $5 for this phone now that I know.  I have never had so many complaints about call quality from the person on the other end of the line.  The internet doesn&apos;t work right, I could never even get it to download my email.  By the way, you can only have it check 1 email account.  You can set up more than one, but only one can be &quot;active&quot;. The GMail app is useless!  The keyboard doesn&apos;t come up when you tap the login field, so there is no way to log in for GMail.  The other Google apps they put on the phone go to the Chinese version, some have the option to use go to English site, some do not.  The accelerometer doesn&apos;t even work, it only uses landscape mode for pictures and videos.    I bought this phone for the sole purpose to be a temporary phone (a couple months max until the hot new Android phone comes out) to test/try out using Android and decide if I can get used to a design without a physical keyboard... this is NEITHER.  THIS IS NOT ANDROID.  IT IS A FAKE OS TO LOOK LIKE ANDROID.  You can&apos;t even add icons to the home pages.  And as mentioned earlier, the keyboard does not even rotate to landscape, and is tiny, not finger friendly.  This is a stylus phone (built-in on the side), not really conducive to touch except for navigating through menus and settings... which I did A LOT trying to make the thing work.      Bottom line.. DON&apos;T WASTE YOUR MONEY.  My &quot;temporary&quot; phone lasted me a week, now I&apos;m back to my crappy Windows Mobile phone (ATT 8525) until I decide on which REAL Android device to get."	0
"I would think they would test everything they ship. When i got the product the sim card slot did not work properly. I actually had to cut a business card to size and put it in with sim card for it to fit properly. And i even ordered a new sim card to make sure that it wasn't a sim card issue. Then when i lowered it on, the screen goes hay wire n acts like it's having a sezure. And that happens about 5 times a day. But when i told them about issues they said i had to open a return item case through Facebook, send it back when eBay resolves issue, and wait for new phone. I don't have a back up phone to deal with this. So im stuck with a half ass working phone till i can afford a new one. Will never do business with them again"	0
"i would say to all that are looking for a phone, at this phone, to get it. its really cool, the features, are average. but the phone it shelf makes up for the features, if like me wished could have more. the look of this phone is cool, the feel of this phone is smooth. i wonce had a duo, and couldnt get it to work for me, so i sold it. a guy bought it from me, and then had told me that he wanted to cancle the bid, due to he had an pantech duo, it sucked, and he thought it was an matrix. way better. well that guy was right. way beeter. i would get this phone"	1
"I would say I m a collector of phones, from the latest to the vintage. The Sony W300i is small and simple in design. Loaded with features some of the more expensive phones might have. It fits securely in your hand, buttons seem to work, well and the menu is set up in a logical manner. You can also sync it with Outlook, for contacts and notes. Even though the phone has a plastic lightweight feel, it is made pretty well. The unlocked version works with any GSM service and its a great phone to use with a prepay. Four bands enables you to take it to Europe, just place a new sym card and your all set. Starts up fast. Camera is a little week but adequate for a quick snapshot. Thumbs Up on this phone."	1
I would recommend this product to anyone i totally love it. The features are great I love the apps and the ease of use.	1
"I would recommend this phone to anyone. It's slim, it's easy to hold, even for smaller adult hands, and I like the interface."	1
I would rate this if my father actually received this much needed new phone. Lesson learned and final ebay purchase for me.	0
I would not recommend nor will I buy another motox. The mic does not work and there is a sim card error.               	0
"i would never recommend this item, the salesperson told me that he will send me a new battery cause the first one is so bad and only it take 3 hours working,he did not send any thing,"	0
"I would love to write a review about this product I purchased, however I have never received it and still have not received a response as to why over a month later."	0
I would love to rate the product but I never received it. seller said it was returned to him because the address was was wrong and that he would reship. again never received it. try to report it to eBay Resolution Center said nothing they can too because I signed in under a guest PayPal account. I finally gave up hope the seller enjoys the money he got for free..	0
I would like to thank you. It's just as you said. 	1
I would like to review it but unfortunately it has been lost in the mail	0
"I would like to return this phone because it works not here in Ireland , and I can not get on this phone that works not here in Dublin"	0
I would like to have my money back. This phone is not working right. Please call me at (616)589-5078 or just reply Thank you	0
I would like recommend people to do business with this seller because I am very satisfied with the product and business communications.	1
"I would have liked the phone &quot;IF&quot; it truly had been unlocked. I could not get it to work with AT&amp;T. I returned the phone because I didn&apos;t need one that would not work ,"	0
"I WOULD HAVE LIKED IT,IF I COULD HAVE ACTIVATED IT.EVERYTIME I TRIED THEY SAID IT WAS A PREPAID PHONE.I SOLD IT, THEN HAD TO PAY THEM BACK BECAUSE THEY COULDN&apos;T ACTIVATE IT EITHER."	0
"I WOULD HAVE LIKED IT,IF I COULD HAVE ACTIVATED IT.EVERYTIME I TRIED THEY SAID IT WAS A PREPAID PHONE.I SOLD IT, THEN HAD TO PAY THEM BACK BECAUSE THEY COULDN&apos;T ACTIVATE IT EITHER."	0
"I WOULD HAVE LIKED IT,IF I COULD HAVE ACTIVATED IT.EVERYTIME I TRIED THEY SAID IT WAS A PREPAID PHONE.I SOLD IT, THEN HAD TO PAY THEM BACK BECAUSE THEY COULDN&apos;T ACTIVATE IT EITHER."	0
I would do business with him again	1
I would definitely purchase my next cell phone from them.  They were great and I have a wonderful phone!	1
I would buy from seller again.  Great description	1
I would buy again from this seller.  Honest and quick- Much appreciated! Thanks 	1
I would advice you all not to buy from this criminal they are crooks and will tell you they send your item and you never get it. it was a waste of my money. stay away ppl  stay away. THis is from Olanquan Fashion Magazine and we approve this feed back® 	0
I work in the mobile industry and purchased this phone for testing purposes.  USB support ended up being nearly non-existent so I was unable to use the phone as intended.  The device itself is unimpressive but fine.	0
"I won this CELL PHONE on July 5, 2007 and paid seller immediately the amount of $70.99 for this cell phone using PayPal.  After 3 weeks I never got the item so I emailed seller providing him with my full name, address and phone number so he could notify me of any problems.  He responded saying he just mailed it off and was sorry for the delay.  I emailed back saying thank you and hoped to get it soon.    After another week it still didn&apos;t arrive so I emailed seller again asking for a tracking number so I could see what was the hold up.  He never responded.  I emailed him again and still no response.  After reviewing PayPal rules decided not to wait anymore as it had already been a month and filed a claim with them.   After waiting the appropriate amount of time, PayPal advised me that they too had no response from seller so I was awarded my money back.  That&apos;s fine but I did want the phone.  I&apos;m still puzzled as to why anyone would go to all the trouble of auctioning off a phone only to change their mind and not send it.  What kind of business is that?  I am also disappointed at the lack of courtesy on sellers part to not let me know what happened.  I would have been willing to work something out.  It will be interesting to see what his response to this feedback will be when even PayPal found him guilty of fraud.  BUYER BEWARE OF THIS SELLER!"	0
I won auction. Had problem with seller account. Wanted me to send money to another account. Did not ship item. Submitted dispute with eBay. Thank you  eBay!!	0
"I won and pay $294 for vivaz phone and never got it, seller has not send my item and 21day after he refunds my money. bad seller."	0
I wish there is something to say but the listing was a scam. I paid but did not receive the item. I did not even get half of my money back. That will be the last time I am going to use paypal.	0
"I wish I knew what this phone does, but unfortunately I was sold a Samsung and told to suck it up!     How wrong is getting harassed by the seller that sold me the fake phone??? KARMA BABY!!!!!    Paid $200 for an $80 Samsung that I do not want nor does the person I bought it for...EBAY wake up, there are crooks using your site to rip off people that save their money and work hard for it....unless you are a thief...in which case does it really matter MR.THIEF?????"	0
"I wish I knew what this phone does, but unfortunately I was sold a Samsung and told to suck it up!     How wrong is getting harassed by the seller that sold me the fake phone??? KARMA BABY!!!!!    Paid $200 for an $80 Samsung that I do not want nor does the person I bought it for...EBAY wake up, there are crooks using your site to rip off people that save their money and work hard for it....unless you are a thief...in which case does it really matter MR.THIEF?????"	0
"I wish I knew what this phone does, but unfortunately I was sold a Samsung and told to suck it up!     How wrong is getting harassed by the seller that sold me the fake phone??? KARMA BABY!!!!!    Paid $200 for an $80 Samsung that I do not want nor does the person I bought it for...EBAY wake up, there are crooks using your site to rip off people that save their money and work hard for it....unless you are a thief...in which case does it really matter MR.THIEF?????"	0
"I wish I had time to say what I really have on my mind, the person who bought this phone figured since it already had a Gmail account on it that it was actually used. At the store because MetroPCS is offering free Amazon and Google one accounts, they insist on putting those on the phones, even though the phone was not yet active on any other network than their Wi-Fi. He mentioned I had all sorts of calls and texts and pictures or whatever in it. I looked at the Google history of my account there were two missed calls, probably from people who knew the person using that phone line before I had gotten it, and my contacts were synchronized, as they would be if my Gmail account has been added to the phone. It's still had plastic on it, 0 minutes and 0 text, and absolutely no data was used. I have enough cell phones to build some sort of spaceship to the Moon, the last thing on God's green earth I would want to do is play around with some little piece of junk LG whatever it was when I actually have things to get done that require a processor on amount of memory a display and the software behind that technology to get the job done. Yes the phone is a nice phone there are a billion of them it's just like the rest of the billion ones they have. And it was new which makes it at the top of"	1
"i win this phone in an auction, and i contact the seller because the phone is there in china and i&apos;m in europe, i dont want the phone stay locked in custom house. the seller in message promise sent to me as a gift and declare 20$, i dont understand how it work, but the seller promise me that i received the item. i never received the item because the phone is locked in custom house, i contact the seller and he dont want pay the taxes and i dont want pay the taxes too, so i decided open a case."	0
i win the bid but i didnt get the phone. so i cant write a review for this phone. I would love to have that so i could give you guys a good responed. but i cant.	0
"I will not do business with this company again, I got a phone with an internal problem, poor signal quality, wireless signal is very low quality and the gps doesnt work 90% of the time I have to hold the phone up outside in the air to get 3 bars if im lucky. I was tried with a discount of 25 bucks and then they went up to 40 and told me they wont exchange it they would give me a refund if i shipped it back in. So i would have to wait for the money and pay for shipping while not having a phone. I just summed it up as I'm not gonna waste my time with these people anymore and the Lord will take care of this problem for me. My time is valuable and I dont have time to deal with people like this. Why cant you send me another phone and I send this one back ? postage paid by you for my troubles ? That would be the honest thing to do, but Im just saying what I would do as an honest person. God Bless."	0
I will never shop on line again.  My refund has not even arrived.	0
I will never by a phone from Frank his phones r none workable an it takes for ever to get your refund plus he take a fee from that.well it's simply i did not get a boost 6 plus phone insted I got Sprint with a block on d phone that did not work with boost	0
I will never buy from you again. i needed a new phone but not broken and i ended up losing money. i am very mad.	0
I will Never buy from this person again the phone was stolen it was taken from me at the store I end up losing the phone and my money all at once	0
I will never buy from Best Buy again I had a problem with my address they could not fix it they take forever to ship your product just terrible	0
I will never buy anything from this seller again. I purchased an IPhone 6s Plus and received an IPhone 5.	0
I will give you 5 Stars.	1
"I will give this phone a bad review given that whoever sold it to me &quot;neglected&quot; to inform that the phone was locked and therefore, it&apos;s impossible to use.  I tried to have it unlocked professionally but I was told by the company that it couldn&apos;t be unlocked due to some restrictions that Siemens places on those phones or something to that avail--which I don&apos;t think it&apos;s true, since I own another Siemens (A65) and is unlocked.  At any rate, the phone appears to have a few good features but it&apos;s soooo cheapo looking that you&apos;d better off getting a used (unlocked, of course) Sony-Ericsson or LG--with better features AND a COLOR screen!  The A55 has a B&amp;W screen by the way.  Oh, and I suppose that if you ever visit Austria this Siemens A55 could come super handy--not!!!"	0
"I will definitly be sending it back.  The earliest time I can do this is June 27, 2017,  I bought it on June 25th.  I tried cancelling it but they said it was too late.  I had only had it ordered for about 15 minutes."	0
I will definitely purchase from this gentleman again and probably will soon thanks  	1
I will deal with you alot and thanks for accepting the deal again dear 	1
"I will be unable to write a positive review for this product, as the item that I have received looked like that it was not a genuine one:   a) it was practically impossible to remove the back cover from the phone;   b) instruction manual enclosed was printed on a low quality paper with several important pages missing in the beginning and no illustrations;   and b) specifications presented in the listing mismatched the real ones listed on other sites covering LG GD570."	0
"I will be returning the phone. NOTHING AT ALL BAD AGAINST THE SELLER! Was in the condition described. However, when I was deciding to buy this phone it said it was Wi-fi capable and etc....it is NOT. It has absolutely no Apps or any way to add Apps. No Google Play store. Has no internal storage at all, requires memory card for all. And the text keyboard is like the old school flip phone dial pad, you have to hit &quot;5&quot; twice to get the letter &quot;k&quot; and etc. No word fill or any of that. Nothing more than an old school flip phone made to look fancy as a touchscreen. Do not get this phone! Unless you are getting it as a starter phone for a child, then it would probably be perfect! They definitely couldn&apos;t be online with it at all lol."	0
I whish I had known that this is an ad phone. The minute you use it ads pop up and you have to get rid of them to use it every time  and your stuck with google. No way to stop ads. Very disappointed.	0
"I went to the Verizon dealer because the calling screen would freeze. Verizon verified everything was fine but could not understand why it wouldnt call. Verizon ended up sending me a brand new phone and took the old one in return. I ended up with a new S8, but the one from Amazon was not thoroughly tested in my opinion as it was not able to make a call. So Verizon fixed it. "	0
"I went to the AT&T store they connected on 4/4 2017 and I try to turned on again today Friday and didn't turn on. I would appreciate to have one that works or my money back, please.    Which one can be done? If exist there is a sincere good will here in eBay to resolve anything..."	0
"I wasted time and money seller knows product are terrible .DO NOT CONSIDER THIS ITEM ..NOT WORTH IT SELLER IS A TERRIBLE PERSON RIPPING PEOPLE,.THIS ITEM SHOULD BE BANNED ON EBAY"	0
"I wasted my money it is not the sellers fault it was just junk, I wish people would not list this sort of thing my T Mobile sim card would would even work in the phone"	0
"I wasted money for this junk phone . This phone is bad. Getting incoming call, I hit call button and too slow to hear far end talking.Battery is ok . Windows mobile 6.1 is a junk . Who likes smart phone then should buy endroid, but never ever buy Motorola with Motoblur, if they do not want to pay a ton of sms ... I dô not know why people can say this phone is cool . Look closely it appears fake ."	0
i wasnt really satisfied it wasnt what i expected! ..................................................	0
"I wasn't impressed.  Phone is too hard to use, and/or outdated. "	0
I wasn&apos;t happy at all.   The phone did not work properly at all.  Very slow.  Didn&apos;t let me do anything on it	0
"I washed my phone in the washing machine, and couldnt get one from sprint for less than 150.00 - the one I bought is a bit scuffed, but works GREAT! For the money I payed for it, and the added gift of a car charger (which I dont know how I have lived without) I am thrilled with my purchase!"	1
I was worried about this phone because it wasn&apos;t a flip.  But come to find out it was a VERY solid phone.  I was impressed with the quality of calls and the features it includes.	1
I was waiting for the day that tmobile would release an lg phone. REALLY. Anyway the phone is pretty cool. next to my old voyager they&apos;re almost identical. I have a tmobile backup prepaid nokia 1661 which i love a lot. So i will not switch but it is a good phone	1
I was very satisfied with the product! Shipping was fast! The seller was honest and helpful! I recommend to all eBay buyers	1
I was very reluctant about buying a used phone. This seller is honest and trustworthy.  And I love my new phone	1
i was very pleased with this seller he was very respect and easy to work with im glade i made a purchase through him :)	1
"I WAS VERY PLEASED WITH THIS PHONE I RECIEVED IT ON TIME AS WAS STATED, THE ITEM WAS JUST WHAT WAS IN THE AD, I would have no issue buying from this person again."	1
"I was very pleased with this device that I purchased for my 11 year old niece and she is ESTATIC,VERY PLEASED AND I HAVE NO COMPLAINTS AT THE MOMENT"	1
"I was very pleased with the purchase! Works great, easy payment, quick getting to me! Will buy again"	1
I was very pleased with my purchase.  Thanks	1
I was very happy with the product just wished the description gave a little bit more details on the product. Seller is responsive!	1
I was very happy with the condition of the device and received it in a timely manner.  Five stars.	1
"I was very happy with the condition in which i got the phone in. it was definitly as advertised. the shipping time was very quick, and it arrived before it was even estimated to.i would gladly buy from this seller again."	1
I was very disappointed!!!! When I received the phone it was not clean nor was   I able to charge the phone to make it work!!! I was very unhappy I just wanted   a simple phone!!!! I will never buy from this site again!!!!!	0
"I was very disappointed with the quality of this phone. I never found out about the battery life, because as soon I opened the package & seen how cheaply it was made. The entire phone was made of plastic.. I didn't even bother trying to set it up, just wanted my refund... ASAP!!!"	0
I was VERY disappointed with my purchase.  I know it was advertised &quot;phone only&quot; but it didn&apos;t even have a back cover on it!  And my sim card did not work in it.  I threw the whole thing in the trash!	0
I was under the impression from the picture and the details that this phone came with a $45 unlimited straight talk plan as well as a activation chip setup. I only received the phone and the chip not the straight talk card. Seller was unable to accommodate. He did not want to resolve the issue just simply stated if you dont like it send the phone back. 	0
"I was unaware that the phone had already been activated for Straight Talk, and TracFone could not activate it for anything else. It was totally useless for my use.  I thought that since it was exactly like the phone that broke, it would be okay.  Guess I can chalk that $50 up to a loss.  I ended up buying a new, unused phone. If this can be returned, please let me know.  Thanks, Ann Daniel"	0
I was unable to use the product. Nextel would not release the phone to me. They said that the seller either owes money on his account or the phone is stolen. They would not tell me which one even after I explained that I purchased the product &amp; had a bill of sale. I also had an account with Sprint/Nextel for over 5 years until this incident. Seller claims he tried to get it released but was unsuccessful. I got rid of the service all together.	0
"I was unable to use the phones because they lacked FCC requirement for GPS, with 911 system and no phone company can activate them because it&apos;s not a legal system,  the phones were obsolete. (At least that is what they told me)It was partly my fault because I should have checked this out prior to buying.  Blessings Bonnie"	0
I was unable to use the phone as it was a CDMA phone and had no sim card provision. We ue GSM 900 in our country and so it could not work.  The seller howver refunded me the money. I would advise that the right specifications are given as ebay buyers are from worldwide.	0
"i was told this phone was in 100 % working condition. the physical condition of the phone was true, but the internal parts were done for... its froze and shut off, the battery wouldnt stay charged... overall i&apos;m very disappointed!!!"	0
I was told that Sprint could activate this phone. They tried everything and could not.  So I talked to the company and they sent me another phone.  I took it to a different Sprint location and they tried everything (over an hour) and could not get it activated.  Had to return the second one.  Awful experience.	0
I was told that all I have to do is go to sprint and they would turn on phone  well they could not it was locked  I then asked seller this and I needed the name and password and was told that her son said that he wasn't going to spend any more money   Then I asked if I could have a refund because the phone was useless and was told all sales are final  so I had to disput this and got my money back eventually   After that I got abuse that I was stupid etc in email   I would not recommend this person to deal with 	0
I was surprised how new looking it was. 	1
I was supposed to receive this order on Dec. 4th.  It is the Dec.12th and It is not in my possession as of yet. 	0
"I was sold this phone with the belief it would work on the Sprint Network.. This is false information. This Samsung Array is considered a y-mac device and is too old to work on the Sprint network ( PRE-PAID and POST- PAID). After finding this out the seller refused to give me a refund and asked EBay to step in, but guess what.. no refund there either or really any kind of help at all! Horrible seller.. very ignorant on their part as well as eBay. Shame on you for not making this right. "	0
I was sold an item that do not work good the mic don't work so to me the phone is of no use 	0
I was sold a phone with NO BATTERY and have not been able to find a battery that fits it! 	0
"I was sold a lemon. I bought it because I was tired of losing phones, and this was a cheap and easy option. In my mind Nokias are supposed to be durable and last a lifetime. Well, this phone was terrible. Came with no instructions, just two batteries, very used condition unlike what the seller site said, and it stopped working less than a week from its purchase date. I bought another Nokia at Best Buy for the same price, and it&apos;s worked perfectly. Never again."	0
I was so satisfied with my purchase I just had to leave this seller a review.  My purchase was shipped the same day.  I received it on time.  The Item was in better condition then described.  The purchase was Perfect.  Thank you very much.	1
"I was skeptical at buying the Mate 8 due to the numerous mixed reviews about this Chinese version phone. I bought the NXT-DL00 model. This is my experience. The phone is a new open box. When it arrived I turned it on and after setting up wifi it wanted to update right away. I clicked ok and 45 minutes later Marshmallow with EMU 4.1 was installed. I clicked on the Hiapp icon (Chinese version App Store) and downloaded 4 programs: Google Play, G Mail, Google Contacts Sync and Google Calendar Sync. Once installed I had to go into the phones apps manager and tweak the permissiopns for the 4 apps to work. Finally the US Google play worked great. I was able to install Google Keyboard, Google search, Google Maps and all the other programs I am used to using on my phones. I uninstalled as much of the Chinese bloatware as possible and disabled/force stopped those that would not uninstall. Wow, I am so impressed and happy with this phone. The Internet is very fast on the AT&T network, everyday functions are fast and the screen is beautiful. I was coming from the Note 4 and the bigger screen, longer battery life and faster processor made this a really nice upgrade For me. I had to change the SIM card to a nano size because the Note 4  sim card was too big. AT&T was great and does this for fr"	1
"I was sick of replacing expensive phones.  This is my second convoy. When I received it I called verizon to have it turned on and updated.  the phone is small and takes pictures, send texts and make calls. all I need.   durable"	1
I was sent a T-Mobile device not what I asked for.	0
I was sent a none working cellphone. I brought it to AT &amp;T  after  seller instructed me to. Then brought it to the Apple store as AT&amp;T instructed me to. The Apple Store people said the phone was junk. Keeping in contact with the seller and updating them through out. Now I got no response from the seller. I&apos;m out over $200.00 dollars for a phone that doesn&apos;t work.	0
"I was ripped off by the seller (shopcelldeals)!!!!!!! These THIEVES sent me a phone which could not be activated!!!!!!! Before I purchased the phone,  I asked if the phone could be activated on Virgin Mobile. I was promised that it could be. Well, I called Virgin Mobile. I was told that the device was not locked to Virgin Mobile. Therefore, it could not be activated! I was very upset, because I was truly looking forward to having my first-ever iPhone. SHOPCELLDEALS is a SCAM ARTIST COMPANY. The company is full of LIARS!!!!!! I will never do business with that company again!!!!!!"	0
"I was reluctant at first to buy it for the price but I thought it is worth giving a try . It is brand new as the seller posted it , I am willing to buy other products from him , as a matter of fact  I will look for iPad Pro. "	1
I was refund back though once I opened a claim	0
I was really surprised that the phone does not support Arabic and German and there is no flash for the front camera. The normal version of the same  version (zte blade v8) here in Germany has a flash for the camera  Front.and version is also an android version is the latest (NOGA) as it supports Arabic language.	0
I was really looking forward to a placing my cracked phone even though this one was used. but apparently it was being sold because it overheated because it overheated within 5 minutes of me putting in my SIM card and trying to transfer my stuff on the phone. 	0
"I was reading a few mobile test webpage before I decide to buy this phone, so I don't have any big surprise. This size give a good handle, it's comfortable for my palm, not a ""hand-tablet"" like the most smart phones today but still almost know the same performance like those and still have big screen enough for reading ebook for example. I able to use more advanced apps, games on it and it's also have enough memories and CPU for other display features (eg. weather, calendar, etc). I like to use it, but the battery could be a little bit longer capacity (I have to recharge it every day), but I think it's also ok from this performance and from a dual SIM phone, but I get used to it after my Galaxy Young Duos and mostly my Nokia E51. I recommend this if you want a ""normal, one hand use phone size"" mobile with ability for using any online application (browsing, email, Facebook, etc.) or playing or just simple daily using as a normal phone."	1
"I was pleased with this purchase. The phone was almost as good as new, just like the add stated. It is so nice to be able to find good quality items, that are at a very low price. Ever since I started to shop on E-Bay, I have saved so much money. Now any time I need to make a puchase, I first jump on ebay to see if I can buy it on line. So far there hasnt been anything Ihavent been able to find, not on ebay. I&apos;m a total Ebay FAN!"	1
"I was pleased when I bought this phone at ehat seemed like a barging price, after i got received the phone i realized that I could not use the features on the phone because it is a international phone that does not work right in the US when i contacted the seller they did not respond to me so now im stuck with this phone plus i need to buy a new one."	0
"I was originally an Iphone skeptic, not liking the small screen size or the low megapixel camera. The day I finally got one all of that changed. The technology of the Iphone makes it highly efficient, with little to no freezing and no long periods of waiting for it to load. The camera is surprising good, and the screen size turned out not to be a limiting factor (coming from somebody who currently owns a HTC HD2 for T-Mobile). The app store has immense proportions with literally 1000s of free apps. The applications definitely make the Iphone a &quot;Stand alone&quot; product. I bought a 3G for my younger sister, and my next purchase will be a Iphone 3GS/ Iphone 4 for myself! If you don&apos;t have one yet, you seriously should consider getting one!"	1
I Was not told that Limited service was only available  with this Cell phone. I Was not able to use this cell. Seller should notify all buyers before its purchased.	0
I was not satisfied with the product because the product could not be activated with the service i wanted to use it on.	0
I was not satisfied so I returned it but the seller did not refund my money till date.It was of very low quality.	0
"I was not expecting the phone to be like new, but I really wasn't expecting it to be that worn out, with scratches and really bad battery. The battery drained within minutes, even without using the phone. Shipping was the worst.I got the phone A week after the ""expected delivery date"" I would never buy from this seller again. "	0
I was not able to use the blackberry smart phone because it is locked.  It was advertised as unlocked.  That is why I purchased it; so that I could use it.  Now I cannot use it.  It took 7 hours for the battery to charge.	0
I was not able to obtain a users manual because it was an international cell phone so i returned it.	0
I was not able  to download udemy mobil apps  Because android version 4.1 but android current version more than 7 ... Plz do not buy it  	0
"I was needing a old technology phone, but wen i9 received the phone it dosent work... frustrated..."	0
I was miss inform about this iPhone until the product was shipped to me this phone is locked  Thank you   	0
I was misleaded because this phone was not from (U.S.Cellular). I gave it away to a friend in Florida . I wasted my money. I will never buy from this vendor.	0
I was looking for used phone that had the the quality of the Note series but not the inflated price.  The LG Stylo 3 Plus was a great find for me.	1
"I was looking for the best value to add time to my Tracfone and I liked the plans that were good for a year. I found this package deal for the LG Treasure and 1350 minutes, 1350 texts, and 1350 megabytes of data for $79.95. The card to add time and minutes to my old phone was $99.95 for the one year plan and it only came with 1200 minutes and 1200 texts. This was a great deal and the LG Treasure is a great phone. It is larger than my old phone which is great for an old man and has all the features that my wife's phone from the big carrier has. Thank you Tracfone! "	1
"I was looking for mobile phone because my old phone was broken. My wife have a Samsung Propel and we like the fixture of this cell phone. We have never seen the Samsung Propel Pro before. We saw it on E-Bay and we like the Samsung SGH I627 Propel Pro and buy the cell phone. I,m very  happy with the cell phone and the shipping was fast.      Thanks  Carlos Reyes"	1
I was looking for an Unlocked Phone to use in the Bahamas. This Phone was great. Had great coverage and family had not problem using it.	1
I was looking for a phone that had a good battery life & was the newest Android; with this buy I feel like I got a great deal. The only down fall of the phone is the camera isn't front & rear capture. 	1
"i was looking at the samsung freeform and was wondering can you get it on the pageplus plan cuz thats what my plan is, but i want the phone just want too hook it up with my plan if i can. so please email me back and let me know if im able too. thanks:)"	1
"I was looking at Apple Nanos,  but after talking to my son, the Sony would serve my purpose at a cheaper price.  it was easier then going to a store and no tax."	1
I was lied to about it being an unlock cell phone. And in addition to that the phone does not even get internet. I will never purchase a phone from these folks.	0
"I was in for this product due to music quality of Sony and its updatability to ICS. After almost a month of use, I find following + and - &amp;gt;&amp;gt;  (Plus 1): Phone is ok for those moving from legacy OS to Android.    (Minus 5): Phone is dead slow at times. Basic operations like making calls often become tedious.  (Minus 1): Sony is still not giving ICS upgrade - and no easy to find news about that upgrade.  (Minus 1): Phone internal memory is unacceptably low. You realize it within 2 to 4 weeks.  (Minus 1): SD card of 1 GB is big pain. You can buy a new one but you can hardly transfer anything from this 1 GB to new card. Sony support is PATHETIC and MISLEADING as they are not aware whats there on 1 GB standard shipped card.  (Minus 1): Buying a new card is additional cost which adds to phone cost as compared to other phone.  (Minus 1): Headphone provided by Sony are average and not comparable to best in class.     So overall dissatisfied. I would rather suggest new buyers to go for other options."	0
"I was in desparate need of a new celphone but could not afford the same one that I had.  The price seemed to be good for this phone and I was surprised to receive 2 in the mail instead of only 1.  This being said, I wish that I had asked if these phones were &quot;911&quot; compatible.  The phone is for my children and no they are not compatible.  I bought them but cannot use them."	0
"I WAS I LITTLE CONCERNED ABOUT ORDERING A HIGH END NOKIA ALL THE WAY FROM CHINA, HOWEVER THIS MERCHANT AND THE EUROPEAN NOKIA 6600S SLIDER,FAR EXCEEDED MY EXPECTATIONS. HAPPYGO WAS A DELITE TO DEAL WITH AND PROFESSIONAL IN EVERY ASPECT OF OUR TRANSACTION. I WAS TOLD UP FRONT THE PHONE COULD TAKE 10-15 DAYS TO ARRIVE FROM CHINA AND I WAS SHOCKED WHEN THE US POSTAL SERVICE SHOWED UP AT MY OFFICE WITH THE ITEM IN ONLY 3 DAYS !!! VERY PROFESSIONAL EBAYER !! THE PHONE IS ELEGANT AND A DELITE TO USE.IT IS AN ELEGANT NOKIA FASHION PHONE MADE FOR THE EUROPEAN MARKET AND NOT AVAILABLE FROM U.S.RETAILERS.  IT CAME WITH SOFTWARE AND  MANUALL FOR THE US AND ALL ACCESSORIES (new in the factory box for 1/3 the normal price). I HAVE CONECTED THIS PHONE TO MY IBM W700 GOLIATH MOBILE WORK STATION AND WITH THE NOKIA PC SOFTWARE AND THE USB CABLE IT CAME WITH I WAS ON THE INTERNET USEING THE PHONE AS A MODEM IN A MATTER OF MINUTES. I WILL SOON BE SHOPPING THIS DELITEFUL EBAYERS STORE AGAIN. atmeddy6233"	1
"I WAS I LITTLE CONCERNED ABOUT ORDERING A HIGH END NOKIA ALL THE WAY FROM CHINA, HOWEVER THIS MERCHANT AND THE EUROPEAN NOKIA 6600S SLIDER,FAR EXCEEDED MY EXPECTATIONS. HAPPYGO WAS A DELITE TO DEAL WITH AND PROFESSIONAL IN EVERY ASPECT OF OUR TRANSACTION. I WAS TOLD UP FRONT THE PHONE COULD TAKE 10-15 DAYS TO ARRIVE FROM CHINA AND I WAS SHOCKED WHEN THE US POSTAL SERVICE SHOWED UP AT MY OFFICE WITH THE ITEM IN ONLY 3 DAYS !!! VERY PROFESSIONAL EBAYER !! THE PHONE IS ELEGANT AND A DELITE TO USE.IT IS AN ELEGANT NOKIA FASHION PHONE MADE FOR THE EUROPEAN MARKET AND NOT AVAILABLE FROM U.S.RETAILERS.  IT CAME WITH SOFTWARE AND  MANUALL FOR THE US AND ALL ACCESSORIES (new in the factory box for 1/3 the normal price). I HAVE CONECTED THIS PHONE TO MY IBM W700 GOLIATH MOBILE WORK STATION AND WITH THE NOKIA PC SOFTWARE AND THE USB CABLE IT CAME WITH I WAS ON THE INTERNET USEING THE PHONE AS A MODEM IN A MATTER OF MINUTES. I WILL SOON BE SHOPPING THIS DELITEFUL EBAYERS STORE AGAIN. atmeddy6233"	1
"I WAS I LITTLE CONCERNED ABOUT ORDERING A HIGH END NOKIA ALL THE WAY FROM CHINA, HOWEVER THIS MERCHANT AND THE EUROPEAN NOKIA 6600S SLIDER,FAR EXCEEDED MY EXPECTATIONS. HAPPYGO WAS A DELITE TO DEAL WITH AND PROFESSIONAL IN EVERY ASPECT OF OUR TRANSACTION. I WAS TOLD UP FRONT THE PHONE COULD TAKE 10-15 DAYS TO ARRIVE FROM CHINA AND I WAS SHOCKED WHEN THE US POSTAL SERVICE SHOWED UP AT MY OFFICE WITH THE ITEM IN ONLY 3 DAYS !!! VERY PROFESSIONAL EBAYER !! THE PHONE IS ELEGANT AND A DELITE TO USE.IT IS AN ELEGANT NOKIA FASHION PHONE MADE FOR THE EUROPEAN MARKET AND NOT AVAILABLE FROM U.S.RETAILERS.  IT CAME WITH SOFTWARE AND  MANUALL FOR THE US AND ALL ACCESSORIES (new in the factory box for 1/3 the normal price). I HAVE CONECTED THIS PHONE TO MY IBM W700 GOLIATH MOBILE WORK STATION AND WITH THE NOKIA PC SOFTWARE AND THE USB CABLE IT CAME WITH I WAS ON THE INTERNET USEING THE PHONE AS A MODEM IN A MATTER OF MINUTES. I WILL SOON BE SHOPPING THIS DELITEFUL EBAYERS STORE AGAIN. atmeddy6233"	1
I was highly disappointed that this phone came without a charger or a battery! And no place carries this battery!!	0
"I was hesitant to buy a device from eBay however I received exactly what I had ordered. The package came double wrapped and in its original, unopened, factory packaging. I received the packed in 2 days which was quicker than the 7 day estimate. Excellent experience "	1
"I was greatly surprise with your online company. when I wrote just to ask a question your team Answered me right away each time. Also I want to thank you because my experience buying online with you were excellent. I received my exact product. You guys are awesome. I loved your customer services not many online company gives such an excellent service. It was a pleasure doing businesses with you. Since i live in central America panama, I was worry . But everything worked perfect. Excellent customer services."	1
"i was given a refund, but i really wanted the phone"	0
I was framed. It never got.	0
I was extremely disappointed it said it was unlocked and is not I am having a horrible time in Canada trying to get this phone unlocked and able to work horrible value for the money	0
"I was disappointed, because I could not activate the phone, because, it had not been scanned by the seller, so this was a waste of money."	0
"I was disappointed, because I could not activate the phone, because, it had not been scanned by the seller, so this was a waste of money."	0
I was disappointed to learn that the phone had been exposed to water and it was not mentioned in the ad. I thought the only issue was a cracked screen. Not very nice to withhold vital information like that.	0
I was disappointed that I couldn&apos;t use the phone but that was in no means the fault of the seller. I contacted them about returning the item due to not being able to work with my carrier and they quickly sent me a response along with a return number. I would buy from them.	1
"I was disappointed by this seller. I won the official auction, fairly &amp; squarely on 20 bids!  Seller chose to breech transaction because was unsatisfied final bid..?  George  - manigulla -"	0
i was dis apointed for the cell phone that i buy... coz when i recieve the charger is briken n a i cannot use it.	0
"I was believe New but there is scratches mark on LCD and edge. Also, I have to buy memory card. Nothing came me. wait and see how is battery."	0
"I was a little worried about the purchase of this phone due to that the buyer was not speccific on damage details, but once I recived it I saw  why it was in great shape and one had the one flaw. the seller provided a quick shipping and the transaction went very smooth. I am very happy with this buy it meet my needs perfectly."	1
"I was a little worried about buying this phone at first because it&apos;s an older model but I got more than what I expected out of it! I really do love it, and my fiance&apos; just purchased one too because he liked mine so much! The battery life is great, very good clarity during phone calls, service is not a problem. It is kind of bulky but a good phone case makes that not a problem. The camera only zooms in once but the pictures turn out pretty good. I LOVE the touchscreen and keypad. All in all it&apos;s a great phone! I definitely recommend it!"	1
"I was a little worried about buying this phone at first because it&apos;s an older model but I got more than what I expected out of it! I really do love it, and my fiance&apos; just purchased one too because he liked mine so much! The battery life is great, very good clarity during phone calls, service is not a problem. It is kind of bulky but a good phone case makes that not a problem. The camera only zooms in once but the pictures turn out pretty good. I LOVE the touchscreen and keypad. All in all it&apos;s a great phone! I definitely recommend it!"	1
I was a little impatient in waiting for the phone as I didn't have one (the one I had just quit working). But it was worth the wait. I love the phone and it's features. I'm glad I ordered the gold platinum. I was afraid it was going to be too gold but it is a very pretty phone. It arrived in mint condition and works great. I am very happy with my purchase!	1
i was   reuisued a refund and the seller was greta about it and refunded the money because the phone worked gretaq and it needed a re striction code that we both did not know so this is what we decided on it was no ones fault very good communication. thanks alot have a greta day scott jason williams	1
"I wanted to send it back, but they just offered me 5$. "	0
"I wanted to return item and I am being told there is no way to have UPS cancel delivery and return the item, however, UPS informed me that only the sender (the seller) can make such a request to have the item returned while in transit. I am not able to refuse delivery as I am not at the designated address."	0
"I wanted to get this phone because i needed a Triband phone to replace my dual band so that I can use to make calls on the east coast.   a) Emailed the seller and asked if this was truly a tri band phone. She told me yes. Cricket lists all their triband phones by the Triband imprint on the outside of the back cover. This one was lacking that.    b) Item described as &quot;gently used&quot;. Item showed major scratches,major bumps. Upon opening the back plate it was filthy and the RED DOT that indicates water damage was indicative.    Seller did communicate to send back the phone for a full refund( of the purchase and shipment TO ME). I still do not understand why a buyer has to pay for shipment back when the item was clearly misrepresented and has a lot of structural damage and water damage."	0
"I WANTED THIS STILL OF PHONE BECAUSE I WANTED A FULL KEYBOARD FOR TEXTING, WHEN I SAW IT ON EBAY IN MINT CONDITION, I HAD TO HURRY AND PURCHASE IT, THE SELLER WAS AWESOME, HE MAIELD THIS ITEM TO ME SO FAST BECAUSE HE SAW HOW EXCITED I WAS TO GET IT,  I LOVE THIS PHONE  AND IM STILL LEARNING ALL THE THINGS THAT IT DOES, COMPARED TO OTHER PHONES THE TILT HAS THEM BEAT, THEY DONT TILT"	1
I wanted more that BOLD.  I like because is better than BOLD  Faster than olders version of BlackBerries.	1
"I wanted it but my carrier metro, said it was locked. Luv it, though sorry!"	1
"I wanted another 4 with more capacity, the 4s was a great value with more features with a similar operating format, greater storage to handle some of the newer apps. overall I think it was just what I was looking for. Shipping from seller was fast and efficient. Battery life was not as I expected but it is performing more tasks than I planned to do."	1
"I wanted an upgrade and got it, cheap."	1
I wanted an LG K8 I went to best buy and bought one went home with it when I unpackaged the Phone it was a nightmare the screen was flickering when I wanted to turn it off it would not let me..Had a very bad screen sad..:(.. because the phone was nice looking I had to drive about 25 miles back to Best Buy to get a full refund on it..I showed them the phone when I got there and told them what it was doing they saw it with their own eyes the phone was not good sad..:(..They asked me if I wanted to buy another phone and I said no..Unbelievable how some electronics are no good and they sell them before even checking them out first.. sad..:(..Well I went to Walgreens and bought me a Samsung Galaxy J1 instead much better price and it's a very good little phone..I'm sharing my bad experience I had with this phone. 	0
"I wanted a smallish smartphone that I could carry in my pocket, but with all the features of the larger ones. It does the job very well and it's easy to use. Being an older model made it very affordable. No regrets on my purchase."	1
"I wanted a phone with a loud, clear speaker, really loud, and really clear. I wanted a battery that would last between a week and a month between recharges. I wanted a phone I could drop in the laguna or pool or leave in the rain, or use at the skate park...and it would still work. This phone is all of those things. It is like a solid brick, not light or thin, but it is perfect for our lifestyle. I can't afford to buy fragile, mediocre phones over and over (like my PREVIOUS phones). This one is built to last! It is the best phone I have ever owned. I am a busy mom and coach - this is perfect - no cracked screens to worry about, and the battery is  dependable and the charge percentage can almost be ignored most of the time - the charge lasts that long. There is a SCREEN-based touch keypad, and also a physical push button keyboard. It has both. A key task to do if you buy it is to turn off the auto-correct in the settings right away, then texting is super easy, using either keyboard. Also, it has a 5 MP camera and does HD video. "	1
"I wanted a phone that was small enough to carry in my pants pocket without being conscious that it was there.  This phone is just that.  The fact that it is a little thicker than most phones (to me) is a positive thing not a negative.  When I grip my phone in my hand I like to feel that I have a hold of something solid.  The muted green colour is comfortable to the eye and a refreshing change from black.  At first, I had a little problem with the side buttons activating in my pocket but after installing a thin TPU case I no longer have that problem.  In all, this is an excellent phone and I would recommend it to any one.  Hope Sony keeps making  more like it. "	1
"I wanted a good phone for calls, texting and emails. This phone is the perfect size and the build quality is fantastic. "	1
I wanted a Blackberry Curve again.  I have been using the Android for the past year and I just didn&apos;t like it...didn&apos;t care for the screen touch.  This was an excellent price and just like my old one.	1
I wanted a blackberry because I can  check my e-mail and it looks good.  I bought it  because  it is  not so  expensive for me.  thanks	1
I want to thank you for this very nice cell phone. 	1
i want to send back to the seller.	0
I want to get &quot;SIM free&quot; iPhone5.  It is great!  Simple design and very usable.  Only one negative point is that wifi sensitivity is a bit lower than PC&apos;s wifi.	1
I want to cancel the order plzz...I want to cancel the order plzz....I want to cancel the order plzz....for iteam #250774758436 plz  thank you god bless	0
I want to buy this iPhone does it come with headphones and lightning cable and it's it officially seal ? 	1
I want my money back I don't want this phone.  	0
I want my  Groove Black cricket smartphone so he was not working so I want some one working cricket smartphone	0
I want a refund this article does not work the Dominican Republic is not unlocked as specified in the detail.	0
I want a refund because it freezes to much and y'all said it is in good condition 	0
I waited so long to get this phone I am a huge blackberry fan. And now it's powered by android which I love! Battery could be better though but it lasts longer than apple lol love it 	1
"I waited almost a month for my new cell phone screen and it didn't fit and not what I orderd, am I supposed to mail it back to china"	0
I very much enjoyed the purchase of this device. The seller went the extra mile and meet me with the delivery of the device. Thanks.	1
I very much enjoyed the purchase of this device. The seller went the extra mile and meet me with the delivery of the device. Thanks.	1
"I usually like Nokia phones. This is a cute and unique phone, but it was defective. The seller was professional, and gave me no problems getting a refund."	0
"I used this phone, Sony Ericsson Vivaz, one week. The battery was very poor. 1/2 day of normal use, and it was empty.  This was a phone I expected much moore from, so I was very disappointed . Earlier I only used Sony Ericsson, but now it will only be Samsung."	0
"I used this phone heavily for 2 full years with no problems.  The battery lasted for a full 3 days with heavy use.  I just recently upgraded to another phone.  Not because this one was bad, but because I was just ready for a new phone.  I actually got the new RAZR and to tell you the truth I actually liked my old A610 better.  This is another great Samsung product that does what it advertises.. No worries."	1
"I Used this phone a LONG time ago, and it was always fun to use. It had a cool camera, and fun phone to text on, and was durable. I smacked it on the asphalt accidentally, when I jumped and it fell out of my front pocket *gulp* and it was seperated on the side, but put it all back together and it turned on and worked as it was designed. it was a very good phone."	1
I used this device for couple of days now. Everything works as expected. Had issue with delivery due to canada post's strike apart from that everything is perfect. Recommended seller	1
"I used the Motorola V60i for about a year. I had absolutely no problems with the phone. It had good reception in my area(the boondocks of Virginia). It does come with a few cool features like the calculator, tone composer which was pretty cool once I bought a program online to make the tones, changeable face plates, voice memo/record, voice calling, and a datebook. All of those used to be cool when the phone came out. Now, you can find much better phones with much more features. If you are not currently using this phone, I do not recommend buying it. As I said, there are much more better phones now. This phone is now outdated."	0
I used sony ericsson eor long time it is notlike this.    I dont like tuch screen phone.    CHINAS TOYS    VERY BAD	0
"I used it two times, and it wont charge or open anymore, so its cash directly to trash....."	0
"I used it for three days and rebooted it, now it's bricked out. I have to redo the firmware on it now, since the phone was made for the United Arab Emirates. I went back to my old phone and when I have time to redo the firmware, I will give this to my son. "	0
I used it for about 2 months and the screen went black. I couldn't get it to work again after that	0
I used it for 10 days. I connected it to AT&T network. It is completely same condition to new product. Great value. I love it!	1
I use them for my employees that work out of the office because The Rugby can take a lot of abuse. I use an iphone because it's easier for me.	1
I use the sidekick for 2 months...   The phone freeze too much..  When you are in a call the phone start making a lot of noise...  The battery is poor...  They stop working with no reason...  The screen goes black if you press the lock buttom for 3 to 4 times...	0
"I use the phone to work. Works excellent, the battery runs all day. Runs smoothly all office applications. Good investment for a cell designed in 2014"	1
I use the phone like for tree days I liked the phone but I dont receive messages at all no good I want my money back please dont sell stuff sow expensive thats no good 	0
I use like a  phone but the Wi-Fi work very good  .................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................	1
I upgraded to this phone from the samsung prevail. And it was well worth it. This phone is the best phone Boost Mobile has came out with yet it is speedy loads apps quite fast and the calling is quite clear the only thing it&apos;s not 3g but the 3g seems to run faster.Boost mobile has stepped up their game with the phones from where they started and this is the best. The battery life is fair but what battery for a smartphone can actually last long. I haven&apos;t ran into any problems yet and I did some tweaks myself (rooting) which made all that bloatware go away other than that it&apos;s great.	1
"I upgraded to this phone from another basic and was pleasantly surprised at how well I could read the screen, access features and hear.  I can&apos;t seem to get it to hook up to blu tooth but besides that, I love it."	1
I upgraded from a S5. I like the panorama shot the S5 offered. I miss it in this phone. Just learning how to set up the apps and getting to them is a hassle right now. Good phone.	1
"I upgraded after having the flip phone for 3 years... I like the style of this phone and the easy accessiblity.  I have as strong a signal now with this phone as I had with my flip phone with the antenna. I love my bluetooth ear headset. I read the very clear instructions on how to get it set. For a 56 year old woman, I did it all by myself. LOL The bluetooth feature and the style drew me to this phone.  I highly recommend this phone."	1
"I understand that phones are treated rough, but if I had know I would not have bought this phone!  It is really damaged.  It is scratched all up.  It looks like it was run over with a car.  One edge of the phone is cracked. I am not going to complain, you get what you pay for."	0
"I understand that it is restored, but at least you should put real images of what you sell !!!"	0
"I try to comunicate  with the buyer but  he don&amp;apos;t anwer my message ,  the producct it is not working the way  he say , he phone is not unlocked as he say and  the top at the back is loose and he want my to send the item back to him ,and he want me to pay for the return fee , like if it is my  problem that the product  is not working like was intended .  the buyer ....  thank you for you understanding ..."	0
"I try contact but not answer , bought said that is unlocked but its NOT  !  "	0
I tried unlocked phone overseas (Ghana) but did not work. Unfortunately for me I am out of the country and I have not found a way to return the product. Right now it is of no use to me.	0
I tried twice to order a NEW Samsung S6. Both severely overheated; the second one would spontaneously shut down. I am back to using my old phone.	0
I tried to work with the seller directly all I tried to come to a peaceful Mutual understanding with my situation but now I'm going to let you know my recent experience with this seller.  Basically the phones listed as 9.5 to 10 which is Isaac we flawless but the phone that I received has a dent and it shows obvious signs of being very used a lot of dirt and grime in different areas. Now I contacted the seller and told him this and was willing to settle for a partial refund but the seller wouldn't agree to the amount I was asking so now I'm just going to send it back and he will give me a full refund but this is just a warning that the item is not as described so beware thank you.	0
I tried to view item and it only let me pick promise to pay in order to view the details.  I never purchased because I didn't like it however I couldn't delete it from my account.	0
I tried to cancel my order but he didn't cancel it so I'm not worried about it 	0
I tried to cancel a best offer that was placed by accident and has been ignoring my messages so worst customer service i have dealth with	0
"I tried to activate this phone twice through different Verizon stores. The phone will not activate and is, in fact, missing many of the settings. "	0
I took the phone to another price repair center to replace the battery and they informed me this phone has been tampered with is missing a lot of internal screws	0
"I took the phone out of the box & put it together properly but every time I turn it on I get the following error- ""Authorization Error- Unauthorized software was installed. Please install authorized software. Press the power button to turn off your phone.""  It won't do anything else!!! How do I return it for a refund????"	0
I took a chance when purchasing this cell &amp; have not regretted one minute ! Works great has features I would have never expected &amp; the seller is tops in integrity. I wanted to upgrade my current cell in order to sell items with Ebay. Only thing I did not get a sim card with the purchase ! Have had many cell phones over the years &amp; this is an excellent choice.	1
I told him that please cancel the order after a minute and he does not want to because without realizing	0
"I thought this would be a cool phone. But it was garbage in the US and should have never been advertised to work with T-Mobil. It didn&apos;t and returned it! Also mine was a refurbished phone. as most seller are selling, which is not a big deal they just need to say that they are non usable in the US with any service and that you are going to need to return it. And be honest with your customers. Buyer Beware!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11"	0
"I thought this is a good deal, it's like buying a phone and getting a phone and a tablet.  Phone discharges fast, you need to put it in the slot ""to extend"" battery life, yeah maybe extend it another 30 minutes or so.  First time I had to call using this phone, guess what, the other person on the other line can't hear me, I thought at first it was just the connection but when I went home and tested it, by calling my daughter across the room , I can't hear her.  Went online to check if this is the usual problem for this Asus brand, yes, it is... you have to delete/disable certain Google apps features. whatever, I don't have the time, my mistake was not testing it as soon as I got it and I already left a positive feedback, I just have to use the phone for it's other features but not for calls.  I work for a food courier and I need a phone that needs to have a battery last at least 2 to three hours until I have to recharge it again.  I use this phone charged all the time in my car. "	0
I thought the phone was unlocked.not. Knowing it was not.I can even use the phone.Very poor service.u didn&apos;t tell the truth abt the phone	0
I thought the phone was better but i wasted my money for nothing. nokia 7360 was really bad phone and i wasted $91 on it.the phone had no features.	0
I thought the features sounded great and they do problem is after charging four hours it would not even boot up Then I looked at the recent feedback and others are having trouble too not recommended . 	0
"I thought that was the Review. I can't say nothing bad about the Honor 8, its a Apple Killer."	1
"i thought that i puchase a cricket black berry cellphone but what i recieved in the mail was a verizon black berry which i can not get actived thur my carrier ( cricket ) and i was totally disppointed and when i tried to email the person who sold me the phone the email was not correct, so i believe i was taking."	0
I thought It was New     Why did not you tell that it&apos;s ugly old mobile    Thanks        I thought It was New     Why did not you tell that it&apos;s ugly old mobile    Thanks        I thought It was New     Why did not you tell that it&apos;s ugly old mobile    Thanks        I thought It was New     Why did not you tell that it&apos;s ugly old mobile    Thanks        I thought It was New     Why did not you tell that it&apos;s ugly old mobile    Thanks	0
i thought it was a good phone.but when i tried to use it it would not work with tmobile.and i tried to sell it it would not work with at@t either.i even tried to sell it at pawn shops and they wouldn&apos;t buy it.i wont buy unlocked phones anymore.iv&apos;e had it a while and i can&apos;t get a refund.i think it&apos;s from overseas and not in the united states.so don&apos;t order them.	0
"I thought it needed a new battery because it died do fast after charging, so bought a new battery to find same issue. Turns out that after research which I should have done before this phone tends to depleat battery quickly when old"	0
I thought is worth the money till I tried activating it and it did not work the store I brought it too said the battery meter was bad kept going on and off by it self.	0
I thought I was going to buy a good phone. The phone seemed to have all the features I was looking for. The owner&apos;s manual took an act of God to get. I am now having the same problem with a memory card. I guess in about 2 months I will have everything that I need to get the phone working properly.	0
"I thought I had found a bargain. The only hiccup was that I could not access Mobile Data, but, after a long search on the net I found a way to set it up myself. It phone worked well, but it had that annoying fault of not coming to life when you picked it up: I had to push the power button lightly to wake it up. Then, after 5 weeks, one morning after a night spent re-charging (my phone I mean....and myself if you wanna know), I picked it up and nothing happened. The only thing appearing on screen was the symbol of 100% full battery. I tried all the suggestion I could find on the net. NADA. It would not turn itself on again. I tried for the whole day and, after leaving it in a drawer the whole of the day after, I tried again. NIENTE. NIHIL. I contacted the seller and they seemed responsive, at first; they asked me to send a video of me going through the motions of trying to switch it on. I did. twice (apparently they could not find the attachment video I had sent). Three times (no response) Four times( soooooo sorry cannot open the video) I gave up. I wasn't looking for a refund (although it'd have been nice), but maybe they could have sent me another one? The whole experience left me feeling betrayed, bitter and phoneless. £68 down the drain. Avoid this company."	0
I THINKED THAT I CAN UNLOCK THIS PHONE AND USE IT FOR GSM BUT I TRY MANY UNLOCK SITES -NOT POSSIBLE.I ASK THE SELLER ABOUT UNLOCK THIS PHONE  AND I GET (AS I UNDERSTAND WITH MY ENGLISH) TWO DIFFERENT ANSWER:      1.nope this phone is not unlockable. thanks  2.Sorry but this phone cannot be unlocked..  IS IT RIGHT?	0
I THINKED THAT I CAN UNLOCK THIS PHONE AND USE IT FOR GSM BUT I TRY MANY UNLOCK SITES -NOT POSSIBLE.I ASK THE SELLER ABOUT UNLOCK THIS PHONE  AND I GET (AS I UNDERSTAND WITH MY ENGLISH) TWO DIFFERENT ANSWER:      1.nope this phone is not unlockable. thanks  2.Sorry but this phone cannot be unlocked..  IS IT RIGHT?	0
I think this phone is great.its fair no cracks and cheap I might buy it 	1
I think this cell phone is one of the bests ever. I just heard about that and I hope it is right. I hope the seller send to me the phone the most soon as possible.	1
"I think it's a fast phone very Quick nice design, fast and a response opening apps , beautiful phone"" nice camera also"	1
i think its a fake. I already have nokia 5310 and this one is not the same. plastic is worse. so dont by from this seller!	0
i think i dnt like it any more...................................................................................	0
I suggest that you find out if the provider has cleared all of the restrictions. I still have sprints activation on mine.  I use my phone for business and can not be without a phone.  The seller did offer to relace or refund. I'll get mine from China next time. I had no problems and everything was cleared.	1
"I still have not recieved my phone because the merchant is only set up to take Paypal, so he says, but he has not set up his account to recieve the payment!!!!"	0
"I still have not receive this product!! and nobody will help me, cannot take money back, and cannot check the shipping status, and ebay seems will not help me on it!"	0
I still enjoy talking and texting.  This is the greatest phone for that.  The screen is large and clear and it takes beautiful pictures. Perfect for one who wants to stay away from the excess of smart phones.	1
I STILL DON'T HAVE IT ACTIVATED  HAVEING PROBLEM'S GETTING IT ACTIVATED  CAN'T GET SERVICE. Don't Work yet.  	0
I spent $300 to fix this phone and then it's supposed to be open let me unlock what is an unlock all the way I've been having trouble with it it comes up saying I don't have the right SIM card in it says it needs them Verizon SIM card is supposed to be unlocked and don't supposed to do that but it's doing that and I can't bring it back either very disappointed P.S .altogether I spent over 600 something dollars I could have bought me a Samsung 7 Edge	0
I somewhat liked it but still trying to get the phone to work  and the mp3 player dont work at all....	0
I sold my note 8.... Nice phone... But... Bottom line... That you can Replace the Battery... And the SD card... And Awesome camera with the Dak feature.... The Battery thing is a Biggie... I've always caught myself with hardly no juice... What good is a phone with a dead battery...I have 4 backup batteries... I'll never be without juice again.... Thanks LG	1
"i sold it to another body phone was to small for me to operate in my hands,key pad to small for me to use."	0
"I sold an iPhone SE that in the description said UNLOCKED, but when I get my hands in my country CHILE is BLOCKED by the company VERIZON"	0
I sold a lg g4 damaged. ebay should refund my money	0
I should start with saying that I&apos;m quite impressed with the service and the quality for the products. I received the items in good cosmetic condition. unfortunately for me some of the included items were faulty but the seller agreed to re-ship those faulty items free of charge. The phone is really good and I have no regreats in purchasing this. I would not recommend this phone For those who look for a computer within a phone. I believe that a Computer should be left to do the work of a computer while a Phone should be left to do the work of a phone. This phone is for people who appriciate style and beauty with quality of speech and sound as well as compatibility with modding its firmware to the way they like. It has all the features that a decent phone nowadays would pocess and has given me no issues so far. It&apos;s fun to use this phone.    All in all I think I had a pleasent experience and I would recommend this seller as well as pay-pal and e-bay to my friends.    I should make a note to all those who go for &quot; too-good-to-be-true deals on PEN DRIVES. I had a really bad experience. PLEASE DO NOT BUY PEN DRIVES WITHOUT A PROPER BRAND NAME. THEY ARE ALL FAKE !!! &quot;    Thank you.	1
"I should of paid better attention when purchasing.  This a unlocked Spring SM-G892U for Sprint that supports CDMA/EVDO/GSM/WCDMA.  You can make phone calls and text via the GSM, but not data on GSM carriers.  I did not pop a SIM card in after a couple of months of purchase when I needed the phone.  Should of tested it when I received it.  The description does not provide this information.  "	0
"I set my phones to ring and vibrate. When I recharge this phone it resets itself to &quot;Loud&quot; but does not ring at all. Fortunately the voice mail catches the call. I missed a few calls before I figured out what the defect was.    It came with two batteries. Good thing, under minimal use, one battery just isn&apos;t enough.    The phone was not expensive. As long as I carry an extra battery, or car charger and keep an eye on the settings, it may be worth the price."	0
"I seriously regret buying this phone, even though I have used a similar phone. I used the phone a couple of days and the phone won't turn on. I have tried recommendations available and it still won't turn on."	0
"I sent this phone   to Mexico  and it doesn't work over there ,and there's nothing they can do to make it work"	0
"I sent the seller this message. In life, stuff happens and mistakes are made. It's how someone reacts to them that matters. If the seller resolves the issue to my satisfaction, I'll gladly change/improve my review rating:  ""The phone I bought from you arrived bent. The frame (not the screen) looks like it might be partially cracked. As a result, the screen does not properly mesh with the frame and there is a gap between the two on the left side of the phone (as viewed from the main screen). I can send you pix if you'd like -- give me an address I can send them to.   This is different than the normal wear and tear one might expect from a used phone. Can we arrive at a mutually acceptable solution to this problem? Thank you."""	0
I sent the request in the morning and I got my code only after 5 hours... Excellent and very happy with the service 	1
I sent it back did not meet the requirements stated in description! Would not recommend this seller!!!FFFF++++	0
"I sent it back and the seller guaranteed me, that I will get my money back, when the seller received the product. I sent it back with a tracking number that i can proof that the product arrived. Now the seller has my money and my handy and ignore myself. NEVER, NEVER buy a product from this seller! Never"	0
"I sent a message at least 3 times with no response. On the day that it was supposed yo be delivered, they marked it as shipped with a tracking number. It stayed as waiting for item for several days. I had to generate a report. Total waste of my time!"	0
I send this seller a lot of messages but didnt get any thing well poor services scammers 	0
I seemed to be buying a phone from an individual in Canada. Received a phone from a tech resale giant in the USA. I was charged all kinds of currency exchange fees & taxes for a cross borders sale that was never across borders in the first place. NOW THE SELLER IS CALLING MY FAMILY AND THREATENING THEM HARM. SUSPICIOUSLY ALL MY NUMBERS HAVE ALSO BEEN RECEIVING CRAZY PRANK CALLS ALL DAY! WORST TRANSACTION I'VE EVER HAD!	0
"I see the words""new"" and"" minor handling marks"" i received it with a scratch of about 1.5cm not less on the bottom right of the screen it is noticible, scuff marks on the USB port till the chrome of the metal en the connector was peeled off, a lot of scuff marks, scratches on the side trims and chips of missing paint, also on the battery compartment grime and scuff marks, battery only hold about 27% of charge and had scuff marks and can actually see the bronze color foil, the water marks sticker on the battery is half red and the one on the cell phone is lightly red, could have been wiped to clean it something with a liquid, fortunately the phone functionality works, over all, and truly honest this is not a new phone somebody obviously owned and used this cell phone before and put it in a new package with new connectors, witch is really frustrating because for about the same amount of money i would of bought a refurbished Galaxy note 5 unlocked, the whole idea was a gift to my wife witch i planned and save money to make a trip to another country to take it to her for here birthday since her lg stylus 3 no longer worked, now i have to get a new battery because it won't hold the charge and get over the fact that is used. Bought it from here because it had good reviews. Bummer..."	0
I see on the package that its at&t prepaid phone. Can it be used on any GSM network worldwide or just at&t	1
"I searched for verizon samsung phones in ebay and this was listed under that. I accidentally bought it assuming it was a ""verizon"" phone and it wasn't. I returned it to ebay valet where it got re-sold again......."	0
"i said i do not like this item they said they going to get 20% of my money , i am not accept this decision."	0
I returned this product at the beginning of August and have still not received my refund. Very disappointed with this seller.	0
"I returned this phone because it was not usable on Verizon.  The answers to the questions about the phone are from the same model I bought from Cricket Wireless.  The phone was cheaper, but I had to go on AT&T service.  Answered the questions about the phone based on the same phone from Cricket.  Have no idea what small form factor means. Unsatisfactory rating is only because the phone did not work on Verizon as advertized.  Love the phone from Cricket though.  Great battery life!  Fast!"	0
I returned the watch.	0
I returned the phone its was not what the seller said it was he received it never refunded me and kept the phone. 	0
I returned that cellphone back from usps a moths ago but I didn't get my money back please explain thise situation  I Want my money	0
I returned item back to seller .didn't get a refund very very disappointed	0
"I returned it. Since it was described as 'good' condition, I didn't expect flawless clean device. I could accept some scratch at the rims and back. But if it's not working as described, it's different story. First, battery was bad, just two hours of using it consumed 40~50% of battery which will make you nervous if you are outside for a while. Second, Touch id didn't work. Touch id is a security function using your fingerprint, and it is a big part of iPhone function. you send money or purchase apps in a second without typing anything. When you sell your iPhone not working this function, your phone will be regarded as scrap. I don't know if it was just mine, but I definitely wanna stay away from this seller.."	0
I returned because it was locked. Received no payment for return so I'm out 300.00 plus dollars. I rate him 0!!	0
i returned a defective phone the screen did not work right and now the seller has blocked me from buying from him . I wish the buyer would unblock me because of wanting to buy more product from him 	0
I return the phone because is not charging . xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx	0
I return the object. the seller send to me a phone that only works in korea. Not function in portugal.	0
I researched the product before purchasing and knew what I was getting. got a great price for it. 	1
"I researched lots of better large-screen phones and settled on this Moto X Pure. I only buy last-generation technology after the items have proved out, the prices have come down, and they are still viable re: platform and system currency. Sure, the top-line iPhone and Samsung phones are nice, but oh my, the prices. Comparing my Moto to friends' flagship phones, I am missing nothing, and at less than 1/4 the cost. In fact, I have more--front stereo speakers, front flash, little bloatware or other fussy proprietary stuff. I still have an honest earphone plug and SD card expansion. I have dual GSM-CDMA capability for network compatibility. The performance is outstanding. If this phone is still available, I can highly recommend your consideration of it."	1
I requested a return on this item and was never sent a shipping label. This phone does not work so do not buy. They have not refunded my item.	0
"I replaced my Nokia 3220 with the 7360. I was excited to get it and it is a pretty phone. I&apos;m not into ringtones, videos, photos, etc, so even though this phone has those features and many others, I just use it as a good ole&apos; regular cell phone.    This phone is bigger than I thought. Definitely bigger than my 3220.  One thing I had trouble with, was setting up the speed dial. It would ask me if I want to set it up, I&apos;d say yes, then it would ask me to enter the phone # and the name and I would. Then it would ask again if I want to set up speed dial (on the same digit), etc... after entering the info again, it would keep on asking again to set up speed dial... and kept going in a circle. That was extremely annoying. 20 minutes later I finally figured it out, I don&apos;t know how, but after turning the phone off and on a few times, it finally set up my speed dials. It was annoying because this is a brand new phone, it shouldn&apos;t have had any glitches.    I also didn&apos;t like the fact that the buttons are hard (my 3220 had soft rubber buttons). It is also extremely difficult to open the back to install the sim card.    The resolution on the camera is definitely better than the 3220. I hate the handsfree earphones/microphone. The microphone is placed halfway down on your chest and there is no way to adjust it higher.    The speaker is great. Even in a crowd the sound is great.    I received this phone with a German Manual, not English, and a European wall charger. That&apos;s the seller&apos;s fault, not the phone&apos;s. It was easy to download the English version of the manual from the internet and easy to purchase a charger from Ebay. Make sure when you do purchase this phone that it comes with the correct manual and charger.    I am a huge fan of Nokia phones and will keep on buying them."	0
I replaced iPhone 6s with it and I'm glad I did  The battery last a long time  I use the internet a lot That's important to me  It's fast  Like it a lot  	1
"I regreted buying this phone. It turns off when you slide to receive a call, radio does not work and many more. I wasted my money in buying it."	0
"I regreted buying this phone. It turns off when you slide to receive a call, radio does not work and many more. I wasted my money in buying it."	0
"I regreted buying this phone. It turns off when you slide to receive a call, radio does not work and many more. I wasted my money in buying it."	0
"I regret to bought this phone..I can&apos;t connect to internet, I have to use WIFI only..  This phone is great, but internet is..I&apos;m using AT&amp;T go phone micro sim card..but I can&apos;t connect to on that AT&amp;T company..and other company also..They use on 3G and 4G..I bought be cause to save money.."	0
I regret buying this product. It has a very poor battery life and it looks very refurbished. I can&apos;t recommend it to anyone.	0
"I refund this phone because I never receive the good connector (I got small one, no worked for this phone)  I cant tell how works this phone, I did not get it on.  I case this to ebay, I get the full refund, but I lost $10 box to send it back.      !!!!!!!!! Dont waste your money, just buy inside of your country.!!!!!!!!   Dont believe them, they always do empty promises, like they refund all your money and shipping back,  you will no get your money back     !!!!!!never!!!!!!!"	0
"I refund this phone because I never receive the good connector (I got small one, no worked for this phone)  I cant tell how works this phone, I did not get it on.  I case this to ebay, I get the full refund, but I lost $10 box to send it back.      !!!!!!!!! Dont waste your money, just buy inside of your country.!!!!!!!!   Dont believe them, they always do empty promises, like they refund all your money and shipping back,  you will no get your money back     !!!!!!never!!!!!!!"	0
I recvd wrong device	0
I recommend this article. It is of very good quality. And still affordable price.	1
I recommend the seller Excellent price and quality Fast delivery	1
I recommend never buying a phone from this person. I had to send the phone back to them like 2 times for being defective. Never again!	0
I recommend it to anyone who uses is very good thank you very much Use it please	1
I recommend it is an excellent seller very responsible	1
I recommend it  	1
I RECOMEND THIS SELLER TO OTHER SERIOUS BUYERS. THE TWO RECENT ITEMS THAT I BOUGHT FROM HIM WAS DELIVERED TO ME ONTIME. GOOD EBAYER	1
I recived the cellphone it works very nice but the charger dosen&apos;t work I haved to buy another charger.	0
"i recieved this phone from my son as a christmas present, and it works perfectly. it has all the modern conveniences and looks like new, and the price was excellent."	1
I recieved this but didn't plug it in for a few weeks.When I charged it the first time (tonight) I realized a line of the crystals on the left side were broken. Gave it two stars for fast shipping and for being mostly functional. It should have said in the listing that it was broken though. 	0
I recieced it with a vertical yellow line on the screen. Was taken to phone repair to have a look at it. It was suggested that it had its batterery replaced. Makes me think whether it's brand new or not.	0
"I recently tried to buy the screen protector on August 29th 2016, and when I tried to pay for it, it said it's ""not shippable"" to my address. I have sent many messages about it and they don't answer back. What a waste of time with these people. "	0
"I recently purchased this phone new off of eBay.  I knew that it was a popular phone in Europe (SL55) and I wanted to try out a slider.  Pros: compact and stylish.  Decent reception and easy to hear caller.  Cons: Short battery life, easy to crack face, somewhat complicated menu functions (hard to find what you&apos;re looking for).  Definetly have a manual with this one.  Lets just say that I would own another one if this broke.  UPDATE:  I had this phone for about three months and it started falling apart.  I basically had to replace all of the parts on it one by one before I finally gave up on it.  I hated this phone by the end of it all.  I would avoid buying it."	0
"I recently purchased this iPhone for just over $300. I read on the description there would be signs of wear but I never imagined the damage this phone would have. When I received my phone I immediately noticed the phone was completely bent on one side. The screen was warped because of this, but not cracked. For the amount paid, I'm very disappointed with the state of this phone. "	0
"I recently purchased an 16 GB unlocked Android 5.1 smart phone 6"" cell 8.0OMP Quad Core XGODY Y13. they said it was compatible to Verizon, so not true. I have returned the phone to the seller and its taken almost 2  weeks and no reply to get my refund. I'm now getting ready to go via PAYPAL for my refund. I would not suggest anyone to do business with this seller if u have to do a return, or seek a refund!!!!!! "	0
"I recently purchased a Motorlola Cell phone for my daughter, least to say she loved it.  It had the perfect features she was looking for. One setback not the sellers fault was that when she went to change the phone for use the cricket store said it was not usable in our area.  What a shame."	1
"I recently purchased a Motorlola Cell phone for my daughter, least to say she loved it.  It had the perfect features she was looking for. One setback not the sellers fault was that when she went to change the phone for use the cricket store said it was not usable in our area.  What a shame."	1
I recently purchased a iPhone 6s Plus but when the phone shipped to me it was an iPhone 6 Plus not a 6s. Not very happy right now!	0
"I recently bought a Nokia 5310 from Ebay company bigbigworld2011 about a little over a month ago.     First off last December my first time on Ebay I used my mom&apos;s Ebay account to purchase the same product from the same company.     They advertised a blue Nokia 5310 they sent a refurbished red phone with blue trim only on the outside it was minus the standard blue Nokia 4310 background unlike as advertised.     Not knowing better I thought I had only ten days to return it and could not afford tracking but provided them with a Customs number Receipt.     They told me wait 5 days past the time I could have left feedback promising that if I could prove it left the country they would then replace the phone with the correct order whether they received it or not.     They then spat in my face with an abruptly rude email, all correspondence was then by email through my mom&apos;s email account. It greatly vexed me they had done this it was a &apos;bad experience&apos;.    I ordered from them again approximately two months ago this time after having established my own Ebay account. They knew who I was and promised me they would check the merchandise before shipped to be sure it was the correct as advertised order, I believe them.    I left an early comment good feedback they mocked me in the response. I should have waited.     I should also be able to retract good feedback anything sent prior to arrival of product or within the amount of days before bad feedback can be left is to be within reach of retracting and re-entering it is misleading for other Ebay users for this option to not be provided.    They sent me the same none advertised product again and with a spite to it for the amount they had heard from me when I used my mom&apos;s Ebay account. Not only did they sent a none as advertised they sent me a phone with operating flaws a poor functioning device.    I did not remove the screen cover that comes with any new phone but they had planted a minute piece of sticky tape residue under the screen to make it look like the screen was with flaw but in the hope I would remove the new screen cover file that I might only take pictures next ultimately it was aimed at tampering with the product so it could be used against me were I to return it as I very well would be.     They then told me I would need to pay for the return shipping then they would reimburse, they were for no other way to put it &apos;lying&apos;.    When I returned the first order made through my mom&apos;s Ebay account I believe they received the merchandise only to deny it as they very well had in the face of what they&apos;d fist promised.    They would have me pay for shipping and told me they expected me to insure it running me about 90 in the hole with the same $60 cost for the 2nd phone and they would have denied the reimbursement or sending the same but correct product for me as I wanted the order corrected I needed a phone last December but had gone without up until then.    I contacted Ebay and was first tole they were to send shipping labels for me. I then contacted Ebay over the phone upon their insistence I pay for shipping and tracking insurance and was told they would be contacted with the option of &gt;providing the labels&lt; or simply reimbursing and letting me keep the product which immediately happened next.    They were looking to burn me again only this time it came with an added spite by them somewhat of what seems to me to be a self gratitude problem.    I got to keep the product poorly performs has none refurbished issues. Thank y"	0
I received this supposingly new phone in a box that looked like it had been to hell and back. Once i opened the box i automaticly new that i had been lied to i was missing numerous pieces the SIM card would not stay inside the phone this was just a joke.I brought this phone as a gift foe my husbands birthday i was truly had.	0
"I received this product with 3 parts missing making the phone unable to be used. I think the phone is exactly what I wanted but without the SIM card &amp; the back cover for the battery it is absoultly useless.  I am very dissatisfied that Paypal advertises that they back you, but now I am being told that I have to return the item at my expense to the seller (remember I already paid the shipping to get it here) without knowing for sure if I am going to get a full or partial refund."	0
"I received this product in Chinese. For me unusable.Therefore, I can not evaluate the quality of the product"	0
i received this phone quicker than expected. seems to be a great phone so far. it does have some screen calibration flaws that need adjusting but that is nothing on the seller. kinda a pain. the seller was great and i would deff buy from again! the battery doesnt seem to hold a charge but the seller was more then happy to send me a replacement. i have not received the new battery as of now but it was just a couple days ago and i didnt expect to yet. A+++++	1
I received this phone but when I tried to activate the phone I received the message that it was reported lost or stolen so I sent it back to the seller.    Completely dissatified.  Seller should be aware of the status of the phone.	0
I received this item stating 9/10. Was more like 8/10. Paid extra for nothing. Feel cheated.	0
"I received the wrong phone, attempted to contact them, and got absolutely no response in return so eBay had to step in. DO NOT BUY FROM THEM, take your money somewhere else!"	0
I received the pink iPhone and the battery does within five minutes after charging all evening. I cant hear any phone call properly so the speaker is in horrible condition. Scratches on back of phone and white spot on front when turned on. Huge waste of money on a product that shouldve been in better condition 	0
I received the phone within a few days after ordering.  The phone seemed to be just like new as well.  I would like to have known that the phone came from a smoker&apos;s home because when i opened the package it reaked of smoke.  Other than that it was really a good buy.  Thanks!	1
I received the phone with heavy scratches and dents not listed. Asked for a $15 refund to fix the screen at cost and they refused. Told me to send back for a refund Which doesnt help since customer of mine really needed.  Buyer aware. 	0
I received the phone well packed  However The phone doesn&apos;t work at all  The keypad responds with only three buttons * 0 and # only  It doesn&apos;t accept any SIM Card while the seller said it is unlocked  Tried to contact the seller for help but nothing he couldn&apos;t help   It displays foreign language which he (the seller) doesn&apos;t even understand what it means  To me it is a total loss  I hate the product	0
I received the phone two months ago with everything in Chinese. It took me a while to figure out how to change the operating language to English. But many buttons and many parts of the text are still in Chinese. I have not yet managed to call HTC office in Hong Kong because of the time difference.     The phone looks like a great purchase. But HTC must make it usable in the US if they want to sell it there.    John	0
I received the phone quickly with no issues. It was new in the box as stated by the seller. I have owned several Samsung Galaxy S4's and think they are good phones for the price.	1
"i received the phone promptly, it was in good condition, works, in box. i have no complaints, i think iv`e said enough said."	1
"I received the phone promptly after purchasing.  I opened the box and the phone was as pictured -  ""mint"" condition.  I took the phone to get a sim card put in it and the technician told me the battery was bad and to be very careful with it because it could explode (that would explain why I charged it all night and it didn't seem to charge!).  After returning home, I called the number on the paperwork provided in the box with the phone.  I was informed on Friday that a replacement battery would be sent in a ""couple days"".  I asked for it to be overnighted, but was told ""no, we can't do that.""  So Wednesday rolls around and no battery.  I called them again.  And, again I was told they would send me a replacement battery and would receive it in a ""couple days"".  I insisted that I have waited long enough and that the batter needs to be overnighted to me.  The customer service representative said ""he would see what he could do"" and he would call me back. Guess what?? No phone call back.  I went to my email account and it appears that a battery is being shipped and it is estimated that I will get in sometime on Saturday!!???? Great customer service. "	0
"I received the phone in a short time. And have not had a problem with it. If I find the need for another one, I would get it here."	1
"I received the phone fast but, the phone was to old to activate, I don&apos;t know if the seller was aware of this or not."	0
I received the phone but it didn't work	0
I received the phone before delivery. My wife loves the phone. It was a great deal. My only problem is whoever is suposse to oversee and pay attention to detail...isn't because this specific phone has a specific charger type which is a charger type C. Smh	0
"I received the phone and it is a great phone. I took it to The Dominican Republic to my brother and found out the phone was locked and ended up paying 9,000 pesos(Around $200) to get it unlocked!!! "	0
"I received the phone after I returned from an out of state trip. Turned on the phone and set it up, as of 12-12-17 I had used it 19 days, it started messing up last week, keeps doing all kinds of crazy stuff. Contacted the company that sold me the phone and they told me to do a hard reset. Sounded like they knew what the problem was. They said they wouldn't replace the phone because of 30 day warrantee,I only used the phone for 19 days, don't buy from this company,they are shady..."	0
"I received the phone a day after my purchase but it has scratch and the factory screen protector that comes with every phone wasn't even the right one for this model, obviously, not new. "	0
"I received the package very fast. Item is in good package. They descripted what they are selling. If I have any question, I email them and get it back with in one hour. I will do business again with this seller. What can I say: A+++"	1
I received The LG V10 phone that I ordered for my daughter through misty electronic store on eBay the phone is flawless it works perfectly and I am very pleased with it I would recommend the store to anyone because of the quality of products that they sell	1
"I received the item with a bad mic, I have turned the device off and on, clear debris from the port while the device is turned off. I also have looked at many forums about this problem and tried all the possible solutions but none have worked for me. I contacted the seller and wrote a negative review as well but he hasn't responded. Over all good phone but terrible Samsung customer service as well as seller communications.      "	0
"I received the device very quickly, it was carefully packaged and everything works as expected. Very good value for the price! "	1
"I received the correct phone (no scratches or dings), but it did not work on Virgin Mobile network like advertised.  I couldn't get it set up and am going to be sending it back within the same day I received it. I am not very happy with this purchase."	0
I received phone nothing was erased. I expected a flip chocolate and it wasn't. I guess that was my fault.  My husband has returned to his very old LG. 	0
I received new in the box a Samsung Galaxy S6 and it was connected to my service provider.  The charger will not charge the phone.  Both parts are new.  My employer has a NO tolerance policy for employees who do not have a working phone. I have an IPhone that works so this was my back up phone. I do not know if the seller will correct this.  Peppie T	0
I received my phone with a problem with it. I emailed the seller and they sent me a replacement phone within one week once they received the broken phone.	1
"I received my phone with a crack in the screen. I barely gets service anywhere and I have tried to contact the seller but he never writes back. I am so unsatisfied!!! However, the phone is a good size and the case is nice but it constantly get pop ups in Chinese that are difficult to get out. The battery does not last that long and I just dislike this purchase."	0
I received my phone today. First the phone didn't have then fast charging Mod as advertised. Second the phone turns off every 20 or 30 on it's own.  It was advertised as pre-owned which is suppose to be better. That isn't the case here.	0
I received my phone pretty fast hooked it up set it up that all you have to do to get it running the following day I wake up switch it to Wi-Fi and my screen turned black and hasn't turned on since. I emailed the seller asking for them to contact me to see how we can go about exchanging it or returning it and have not received a message in response so now I have a $300 phone sitting in its box not being used and I'm out of pocket $300	0
I received my phone on time and very well packaged.  There was also a free phone case.  Thanks.. Love the phone.	1
"I received my order, but it does not have charger ,and does not charge "	0
I received my Motorola Cell Phone about 2 mos. ago and I love it. I&apos;m still learning new things about it. The biggest thing for me is trying to use the styllus. Even though you don&apos;t have to use it I&apos;m still trying to get the hang of it. I bought this phone because of the price and the features it has. I would recommend this phone to anyone.	1
I received my item and it  was great. 	1
"I received it and it would not accept the sim, even though it would detect and identify it, the phone section of the unit would not work.  Vendor did a not of hemming and hawing but finally refunded the price. So I'd say that this model is a bad investment even though it has excellent specs on paper. Oh yes, the battery went from fully charged to dead in less than 8 hours while in standby and it would not access the memory chip which I installed. I have had experience with a seemingly identical earlier version (at least the footprint and internal circuitry look identical and the only real difference is the number of the chip set), the PLUM 702, and love it. I will be buying another one, but definitely not form the vendor I got this from."	0
I received IPhone 6 not IPhone 6 Plus. It's not worth the money I paid for it. 	0
"I received a Sprint phone and the seller did not reply to my refund request. Do not buy this phone, it's not function on the VM network and will not be able to be activated. Absolutely useless and an unresponsive seller."	0
I received a non-working water damaged phone and I have requested a refund through this seller and have received no response eBay promises a money back guarantee but told me to contact the seller	0
I realy love this phone. Easy and fun to use. I wish this phone was not discontinued. Battery life could be a little better but really is not that big of an issue. I would buy again.	1
I realy like the phone. I would give it 5 out of 5 stars	1
"I really wanted a bar phone for my husband but this one don&apos;t work with our plan, we can&apos;t put the sim card in it, i love the looks but now i have a phone just setting around."	0
I really want this for me. Do I really need this new phone. I was really like this phone. Today I gave the phone to my niece 	1
"I really thought this would be a nice phone - and it probably is, but 7 weeks after I ordered and paid for it I still haven&apos;t received it. The seller is in Hong Kong and there seems to be a problem with post coming from there to the UK.    If it arrives I will be able to say how good it is !"	0
I really made because I bought it as unlocked phone but when I received it it was locked one 	0
I really loved all of the features-worked excellently. I just got fed up with screen breaking. Just shut off. 2 times	0
"I really love to use this phone. It&apos;s a complete remake of the S700/S710, with Walkman features. Although it lacks 850MHz, it is still good overall, so for all the people going to Asia during the summer break, the 3G is a really nice advantage.    Also, this cool phone packs a nice 2MP camera with auto-focus and macro.    With around 500MB built in memory, you don&apos;t have to spend too much extra money for a bigger memory card, but I just bought a 4GB memory stick pro duo that recently came out.    I would say that this is overall an excellent phone, and Sony Ericsson&apos;s UI is very easy to use and even I learned without an instruction manual.    If you want to drop the 3G, built-in memory, and swivel phone, I&apos;d really recommend the Sony Ericsson W810i, has all the same features except 3G, built-in memory, and it&apos;s a clamshell, but it comes with a 512MB memory card."	1
"I Really love this smartphone, its powerfull and the 3D camera is awesome, also with Android You have a lot of possibilities of apps!!"	1
"I really love my phone, highly recommended."	1
"I really love LG phones, and I honestly HATED that I had to post a negative review on this . Because my friend used it, and he hated it, and i used it and was like uhghhhghh this phone stinks. The phone has battery life that is only 9 hours or so, even since he got it. It continually restarted, and reminds him of alarms/alerts he&apos;s read and responded to. It has a camera, but that went bad too, it has a web browser, it&apos;s only displaying in mobile view, and it is SLOOOOWWWWW, AND i believe this was one of the 3G sprint phones, this phone was just horrible, and he has the rumor touch now. I hope this review helps you not get this, or for matter get rid of it. Chocolate touch and Rumor Touch, outperform this phone any-day. It was tons of frustration, and it never worked. So STAy away from the LG Reveal/LOTUS."	0
"I really love LG phones, and I honestly HATED that I had to post a negative review on this . Because my friend used it, and he hated it, and i used it and was like uhghhhghh this phone stinks. The phone has battery life that is only 9 hours or so, even since he got it. It continually restarted, and reminds him of alarms/alerts he&apos;s read and responded to. It has a camera, but that went bad too, it has a web browser, it&apos;s only displaying in mobile view, and it is SLOOOOWWWWW, AND i believe this was one of the 3G sprint phones, this phone was just horrible, and he has the rumor touch now. I hope this review helps you not get this, or for matter get rid of it. Chocolate touch and Rumor Touch, outperform this phone any-day. It was tons of frustration, and it never worked. So STAy away from the LG Reveal/LOTUS."	0
"I really liked this phone it was in good condition, very easy to manuver and convienent to have. especially because it had a keyboard for typing and then slide down so that u could dial to make a call but could be used either way or u could just use the front of the phone to call."	1
"I really liked this phone it was in good condition, very easy to manuver and convienent to have. especially because it had a keyboard for typing and then slide down so that u could dial to make a call but could be used either way or u could just use the front of the phone to call."	1
I really liked the service i received from the guys at cellular company. unfortunately my phone MMS/Picture Mail would not work for me and i sent it back and received a full refund...i would definitely purchase from them in the future.	0
I really liked the product. The turn around for shipping was amazing. This was exactly what I was looking for.  Great seller.  Would definitely use them again.	1
"I really liked all that it offered, but the screen had some lines down it after one simple small drop, that didn&apos;t even mark up the phone. I&apos;d advise against this phone!"	0
I really like this phone..owned one for years and still works great!..unlike these blackberries that break within the first year of use...and I dont baby this phone...	1
I really like this phone...Is great for texting 	1
I really like this phone. It is not to big or to little and is very uncomplicated to use. 	1
"I really like this phone. I went out of my way to find a refurbished one to replace the one I dropped and broke.I paid $67 on Ebay and the phone is worth more. The camera is 8mp and really captures serious detail with auto tap focus, plus a slide zoom bar for really up close shots. I wouldn&apos;t load too much music or games though because it is over 4years old."	1
I really like this phone.	1
"I really like this phone, thou the battery needs a lot of help. I had to buy a battery case for it cause I have tho charge it like 3 times a day. The bring phone up tio ur ear to answer calls doesn't work for some dumb reason. Takes great pics, the pics attached I was about 300 ft. away from the elk. Really like that U can change to a wide angle or use the regular lense. Great screen quality and brightness"	1
"I really like this phone, it is by far the best phone I have had, it is very fast and Smooth. There are a lot of people saying bad things about the camera, but I figured out that if you learn how to use it you will always take nice pictures, especially at night when it performs better than most of the phones nowadays."	1
"I really like this phone except for when texting the keys are not completely responsive all of the time, I wish that there was more room on the memory for more music to justify the mp3 player option of the phone.  Other than that, I can&apos;t complain has been very reliable and all around a good phone."	1
I really like this pbone alot! I had this phone over 2 years ago and it was my first phone I ever owned. After that phone broke (due to carelessness on my part) I tried a few other phones but I never found one that I liked as much as this one!  That is why I am buying it again! It isn&apos;t some super fancy touch screen phone but that isn&apos;t what I want. That is not to say that this phone can&apos;t do some nice things becasue it can. You have internet accese and picture messages and all that jazz but in todays world of phone this one fell behind. Reliable and great sound while talking. Poesn&apos;t have a full keyboard but is still a great phone.	1
"I really like the phone, the layout and the style of it, very much. The whack part is that the battery drains so quickly! It freezes up on me sometimes and wigs out. I'm guessing this is what I get for buying a refurbished phone? It sucks though"	0
"I really like the phone, even though it has a few scratches, its still a great phone!"	1
I really like the Microsoft Windows Phone software and have used it for a while on a variety of handsets.  This particular phone has practically nothing going for it except maybe a very low cost.  Buyers beware.	0
"I really like that phone ,but I am very new to Bay so I didn&apos;t see that shipping is only to USA!  Thanks that the seller understood me very good!  LL be nice without borders?!"	1
"I really like my new phone. The seller promptly answered any questions I had and even included some extra items in the box. The only downside was being asked constantly to leave a review, even before the item arrived."	1
I really like my new phone it seems to work good	1
I really enjoyed working with the American prodavtsom.Telefon just super !!! Battery lasts for 3 days !!!	1
"I really enjoy this phone, it arrived quickly, and has great space for my uses. Takes good pictures too!"	1
I really don't like this purchased phone. It would freeze up a lot. Very leggy. And very small storage space. Not to happy with this phone. 	0
I really do not like this phone. It doesn&apos;t download any of my picture mail and it doesn&apos;t store alot of text messages.  It really isn&apos;t what I expected	0
"I really do like this phone, its nice and easy to use, I would recommend this phone to another person."	1
"I really disappointed with this product and the seller. The seller didn&amp;apos;t state that this product :  1. Still in lock condition, so I have to spend extra cost to unlock it.  2. Has problem in its machine, It often suddenly turn off by itself. It could be 5 - 7 times in a day it turn off by it self. It&amp;apos;s a garbage.    From both above complain, I already submit it to the seller, but he felt out of his responsibility.    I&amp;apos;ll never buy cell phone/ electronic goods again via e-bay, especially from this seller. I don&amp;apos;t trust them."	0
"i really did like the phone when got in the mail, but i had it activated  i couln&apos;t make any phone calls so i had to return the phone. i would have liked to get another just like it."	0
I really cant say anything bad about this phone. I dont use my phone to store lengthy media or a ton of apps. I like the size of the phone and I could not find any in my area for the right price. All I can say is the product is a++++++++++++ to me. I am tossing around buying another one just in case I break this one down the road. There is nothing wrong with owning a dinosaur. Thanks for an awesome product. 	1
"I really cannot review the product because I never received them. They were initially sent back as undeliverable ( not sure why) but I wrote and asked that they be sent to me instead, which the seller agreed but I did not receive them. Sorry "	0
I read the reviews and tested it. It's a beast. Good phone.	1
"I read the description but when i check the phone dont read the sim card and the micro-sd, you can see the phone really good from outside, but inside is very terrible. I not recoment this seller, he send me the phone so late too."	0
"I read the battery condition as ""new"".  However, the actual battery I received actually appeared very used.  It had a lot of scratches and some dents.  It's corners even had brown discoloration.  Fortunately, it's working for now, but now I'm hesitant to buy anything else expensive through ebay.  Thanks."	0
I read in other reviews that it self dials or pocket dials and within 15 minutes of being activated it self dialed my son 29+ times in an hour. It was terrible. Next day deactivated it and will go fight back on eBay. Not a good phone.	0
"i read all of the reviews,and they were all good, so i decided on this phone and im glad i did. it is a very good phone i would recommend it to anyone. im very happy with my purchase."	1
"I rate this as a flip phone, not in comparison to &quot;smart&quot; phones.  It is what it is, it works great, and gets the job done.  It&apos;s compact, feels solid, and appears to be well made.    Compared to an LG GS170 for instance this one is slightly bigger and heavier but seems to be a better product all around."	1
I Rate  This Ebay Seller The Best Prices on  Ebay Quick Response  Ex items And Prices  on Cell phones  I paid this Great Ebay Seller  as soon as  he Respond to  me i recommend this  seller to Everyone  on ebay 	1
I put on charge and found that it is not working any more after that.	0
I put my sim card in an it wouldn't read. Sim card tray broken comes to find out. 100% waste of my money thx!  	0
I put my phone in my pocket and took it out about 3 hours later with many scratches from my jeans.  WTF disappointed. 	0
I purchased ur phone it arrived all dirty as if you dunked it in the mud and scratched as if u dropped it off a roller coaster.  I thought it was just refurbished. 	0
I purchased two of these phones one for me and one for my wife we have had nothing but trouble with both of them. I wish I would have read the reviews these are first-generation the second-generation Moto E is a decent phone but this one sucks	0
"I purchased two LG Optimus G LS970 phones, one has Wi-Fi issues, keeps giving me an error code 67 unable to establish wireless  data connection when the Wi-Fi is disabled,  voice error v08,the system update on both phones reads "" last updated on 12/31/1969"" can you believe that? 1969, we didn't have smart phones in 1969! called SPRINT they cannot activate them."	0
"I purchased this Z1s on ebay and it's not such a great phone to be honest.  The camera images are subpar.  The phone restarts all the time for no reason.  It is loaded with bloatware and malware.  So many items on ebay listed as ""new"" or ""new other"" when they are really just used.  Probably won't be buying electronics from ebay anymore."	0
"I purchased this used Mi Mix 2 and have used it one week. Even being used, it made me realize how badly I needed an upgrade from my 2016 also-great phone, the Axon 7 by ZTE. I gradually got used to my dying battery, loose power port in bottom of phone, and worsening cell reception, so I was blown away with this new phone.  The battery lasts all day and beyond and I've literally had it unlocked and in use almost the whole day. And this is with a used phone, too.   The display is fantastic and I'm not stressed at all about it not being oled like I thought I might. The size and aspect ratio is perfect. I especially like the display using full screen mode (no software buttons, just swipe gestures).  The sound is a single loud-enough speaker on bottom. I had great front facing stereo on my last phone so I had to get over that adjustment. If you require fantastic stereo or extra loud speaker(s), then maybe you won't want this phone.  My connection went from constantly struggling to stay on basic 4g in my area to having lte+ basically everywhere I go 24/7. WiFi has strong 2.4 or 5ghz everytime I use it. Bluetooth has worked without drops on headphones, mouse, and car system. There is no headphones port but it comes with a usb-c to headphone jack converter dongle.  The camera is a single"	1
I purchased this to have an extra phone for when my son &quot;misplaces&quot; his.  It was nicer than I thought it was going to be and we will be using it as a main phone now instead of a backup.  Great purchase!	1
I purchased this to get internet at my shop. So far it has worked every time I need it. The reception is better than the other unit I tried first and the internet speed with ATT is very good. I am very happy with purchasing this item and would recommend it to anyone looking for a hotspot.	1
I purchased this smart phone for my husband and it's the same size as my iPhone 7. My hubby really Likes the phone and it has everything he needs in a cell phone. Great phone	1
"I purchased this Samsung to replace my older model with an outdated operating system. This one comes with 7.01 Android system. I'm now able to download needed apps. The phone works fine,I'm still getting acquainted with the changes Samsung has made. The size is similar to my old one (just a bit longer). All in all a good buy."	1
"I purchased this product (Samsung Galaxy S6 Active cell phone)for a Christmas gift for my niece. Only to experience the worst ordeal,  the phone is not coming, at all. I lived in the Caribbean so the costs of the phone was a lot to reach me. Now I have to spend additional expense to try and get the cell phone working.  It was such a disappointment, further, being the first time purchasing form Ebay. I would not or ever recommend anyone to purchase any thing from this sight. Very dissatisfied customer. I wish I got of removed all the stars but you much at least choose one...."	0
"I purchased this Prada 3.0 phone (KU5400) from the seller listed and started having problems almost immediately.  PROS: Looks elegant and sophisticated.  CONS: Poor performance. Slow Wi-Fi. Bad camera quality. Terrible battery life.  On top of this, it drops calls all the time. After a few weeks the phone started acting sketchy. After two months, the phone started turning itself off. Now, less than six months in, the phone doesn't turn on at all, and this is with a fully charged battery. It is junk. Stay away from this phone as it is basically a repackaged LG940 from 2012 with the Prada logo attached to it. "	0
"I purchased this phone with the intent to send to my aunty in the Caribbean,  it says can work world wide on put SIM in phone it started to work then automatically locked. And requesting code from sprint. it's a sprint phone and its difficult to unlock, so be careful on your purchase if think about sending out of the U.S"	0
I purchased this phone under the understandings that I could use it on a Verizon wireless acct. Verizon told me the phone was too old and wouldnt work. I asked for a refund and asked for a return shipping label since it wasnt my fault for needing a return and they wouldnt give me one. I was never refunded and now Im out the money that I paid!!!!!!!	0
I purchased this phone took me contacting the seller before I got the phone when I did it didn't work I returned the phone and it has been 2 weeks and I still have not seen my money.  Do Not Trust 	0
"I purchased this phone to transfer existing service from Sprint PCS to a prepaid GSM network operator in my area, and this turned out to be SIMPLE Mobile. My primary goal for this was cost-savings, and since I used an LG Optimus S LS670 with Sprint, this phone would have been the GSM-version twin brother for a practically seamless transition. It is important to use an unlocked phone, such as the one I purchased. Otherwise, you will only get to use the phone with the carrier it is married to.    For a budget-conscious, entry-level phone, it is fantastic and provides an excellent bang for the buck. For the best experience, I strongly advise you research on rooting the phone and loading a custom-made ROM easily found online.    Some of the features I like best about this phone as I have it now: Android Gingerbread 2.2.3 which runs much better than 2.2.2 Froyo; FREE native USB tethering using free Android USB driver availabe from T-Mobile; FREE native Wi-Fi hotspot... yes it works and it&apos;s phenomenal; quadband GSM phone which means you can use this phone anywhere in the world with a SIM from the network operator where you use the phone; 3.5mm stereo jack; A-GPS ready using Google Navigation.    The phone&apos;s speakerphone is nice and loud and calls are crisp and clear. It&apos;s a touchscreen-only phone which takes some getting used to, but it works great. The built-in 3 megapixel camera doesn&apos;t include flash, so it will only work well with optimal illumination. It records video to 3GGP format which can be easily converted to AVI and MPG using third-party software. The audio and video quality when recording video footage isn&apos;t the best, however, as one would expect from a budget phone like this.    If you are looking to lower your cell phone bill and get a decent bang for your buck, this makes a great choice. I&apos;m very happy with it."	1
"I purchased this phone to save money by using the wi-fi feature. After setting it up, the phone did not  preform as well as expected. It would switch from my home wireless network back to t-mobile in the middle of a call and then drop it.  At work it was even worse. It connected to the wireless network but   the strength was to low to get a good signal. I spoke with T-mobile and they were aware of the issues.  I think this is a good idea that&apos;s a little ahead of it&apos;s time."	0
"I purchased this phone to replace one just like it that was stolen from me.  I like a simple phone -- I&apos;m one of those probably rare people these days who believes that a phone is for making and receiving calls, and not for doing all kinds of fancy stuff.  This phone fills the bill very well, as far as I&apos;m concerned.  I particularly like it&apos;s long life for each battery charge."	1
I purchased this phone on eBay and it is probably the best phone that I have ever had.  It is so fast.	1
"I purchased this phone in order to save money for the next several months on my bill by dropping smartphone service yet keeping basic wireless service. This phone works beautifully, and the price paid for it was more than more than double made up for on the first month&apos;s cellular bill.  Well worth the price."	1
I purchased this phone from Tracfone. It would not connect to their network. I was sent a replacement phone with the same problem. I was told I couldn't return for a refund because the phone was a replacement for the first one. Beware!!!	0
"I purchased this phone for my wife to replace one just like it that she lost.  It is stated that the phone is factory unlocked but when I went to get a new SIM card, they put it in and told me that the phone needs to be unlocked.  As it is right now, it can only be used on the AT&T network.    The only contact information listed for the seller is a phone number.  I've called it multiple times but never get an answer and there is no way to leave a message.  It rings about a dozen times and then asked me for an access code.    So now I have to go pay AT&T additional money to unlock the supposedly unlocked device that I purchased since I can't get in contact with this seller.    Had I known that I would either have to pay to get it unlocked or get an AT&T contract, I would have bought this product from a different seller.    Really bummed about this purchase.."	0
"I purchased this phone for my son.  Unfortunately, it does not have GPS capability.  I do not know about other cell phone providers, but mine would not activate the phone.  Therefore the phone is pretty much useless to me."	0
"I purchased this phone for my in laws, they can&apos;t see very well and I thought this would help them. I opened it up and said to myself, WOW! I&apos;m going to test this for a few days, after 2 days I decided to keep it for myself and give my in laws my Note 4. That&apos;s right, I gave up my Note 4 for this Sony Z Ultra!  I would like the screen to be just a tiny bit brighter in the sun because of the glass reflection but it&apos;s still manageable. Other than that I&apos;m might be worried that the back it all glass too, I&apos;m prone to accidents w/phones! :/  I absolutely LOVE the HUGE screen! I think Sony can make this same phone a little smaller if they cut the top and bottom bezel a little bit and keep the same screen size. That would be perfect! Battery wise I get a full days use out of it! More than my Note 4.  I do miss Milk Music but I have google Play Music and XM for that.  The ear piece should be moved to where the &quot;SONY&quot; logo is because it&apos;s awkward to move the phone all the way to the edge where the earpiece is but still functional.  I had the One Plus, Note 3, Note 4 and this by far is my favorite. Yes it&apos;s huge but I have big long skinny fingers that have no problem gripping this hunk of tech. Love it! I hope Sony makes a version 2 of this!"	1
"I purchased this phone for my husband, and had issues from the moment I turned it on. Actually, it wouldn't turn on at all initially. Once I finally got it powered and set up, I realized the phone didn't work at all:  I could neither send nor receive calls. There were problems with the display and so many other features that I returned it the next day.   Oddly, I use a Pixel XL and have been very happy with it."	0
I purchased this phone for my grandmother who was thrilled to receive it so quickly. The phone came in good working condition and she has not been unhappy a minute. I would recommend this phone to anyone!	1
I purchased this phone for my 17 year old grandson...he says it works great and he really likes it...got it within just a few days of ordering...	1
"I purchased this phone for my 11 year old so she would have a slide out to replace her old cell.  I researched many phones but went with this one because it has: 1) Music player 2) camera  3) video recorder 4) it texts 5) Amazon.com and other reviews 6) cost because it is an older model it was less expensive.  It works great and does more than she needs it to do right now; like internet or e-mail, but the functions are there when I want to set them up.  I don&apos;t really have any complaints because the things I wish were there I knew were not there when I selected this phone which was $20.00 during Feb. 2011 here on Ebay (It had a few scratches on the screen, but unnoticsble when phone is in use.)  It would have been nice to have MMS smileys work or a touch screen but its for a a tween not a geeky adult like myself. Samsung T369 did not disappoint! (P.S. she loves the dural slide out)"	1
"I purchased this phone because of Sony Ericssons reputation. I am very glad that I did. I made the purchase on eBay and it was a used model. I didn&apos;t receive any instructions with the phone but that is OK. It was pretty easy to figure everything out. There are features on the phone that I personally don&apos;t use ie. Java, Email, Instant Messaging, Blue-tooth and a few more. It also has a set up that allows you to shop for ring tones, backgrounds, and themes. I like the phone because it is small but VERY durable. I have already dropped it a time or two (OK, 4) and it still works well. If you are looking for a con to go with all the pros of this phone, the only thing I can think of is that I can not hear it ring inside my pocketbook. As for easy and durable as well as convenient in size this is the right phone for me."	1
"I purchased this phone because it was dual CDMA and GSM model.  But I was disappointed that GSM side of the phone was locked to Verizon, therefore I could not register the SIMs card I was using from AT&amp;T.  Everything else about this phone was OK as described by seller."	0
"I purchased this phone because it was advertised as New/Old stock.  I will say that the phone did look very good, but it was DOA. I contacted the seller, and he actually sent me another phone as soon as I dropped off the old phone at package store. The new phone was a different model and actually a later model. I was able to get this phone working to some extent, but it wouldn't keep any settings, and it kept coming up in Demo Mode. I took it to Verizon, and they told me it was likely a phone stolen from a store, and there was nothing they could do to make a demo phone into a standard phone.  Once again I had to return a phone to this seller.  I reread the reviews, and it seems that multiple customers reported similar or worse experiences.   For whatever it's worth, I did get my money back, and the seller seemed genuinely sorry about the problems. "	0
"I purchased this phone because it was a gold one for a good price, postage paid by seller. It stopped working after two weeks. It would not stay on even with a new battery. It came as a new phone and not reconditioned in a box, with a manual and accessories. It looked brand new with all the protective plastic protection shields on the phone. It did come with a two language keypad, Arabic and English that was not in the description and I did not like that. I contacted the seller and he was understanding and gave me a complete refund. I was pleased about that, but will not purchase a Razr phone from China again."	0
"I purchased this phone because it said it was in &quot;great working condition.&quot; Unfortunately, it was anything but. The front-facing camera is completely broken and freezes up the entire camera when turned on. The touch screen also has some issues, and it&apos;s difficult to select apps at some points. Most importantly though, the battery life is definitely lack luster. It barely lasts through the day if I&apos;m using it for apps, calls, texting, etc. I tried using both wifi and just cell service and it doesn&apos;t seem to matter whether it&apos;s on or off, as the battery doesn&apos;t last either way. I tried to contact the company using the contact information sent with the packaging, but I never received a response about getting a refund or an exchange. Overall, I would recommend that you do not go through this company, as they seem to be unreliable and do not live up to their own set standards."	0
"I purchased this phone because it has much better reception in my home, especially in my basement office.  Our cell reception is poor here because we are in a low valley, even though near towers.  My last 3 cell phones have had the same problem.  While it is out of production it works better than newer cell phones.  I actually have two similar phones for business and personal.  It is easier to hold and open instead of small polished phones.  Smart phones, also do not work well here."	1
"I purchased this phone as an upgrade because my other phone was several years old an unable to upload some of the apps the I was needing. So far, I have been able to do everything I wanted with this phone and even more. It was easy to make the change from one phone to the other, and with a simple app, moving information was accomplished in no time. So far, I have nothing but good things to say about this phone."	1
I purchased this phone as a replacement for a Windows phone I was using that got the screen damaged. During my activation of the phone I was informed that the phone is not a smart phone and I will not be able to utilise it for anything other than phone calls and texting. I am disappointed in that.	0
"I purchased this phone as a back up to my HTC Pro2 which I consider the only phone HTC has ever made wort buying. The little HTC Touch P3450 is cute, fits in the palm of your hand and easy to carry. But, it is complete junk. HTC uses low grade materals and their phones are except for the Pro2 real pieces of junk."	0
I purchased this phone and took the seller two weeks to say that my product is sent to wrong address and I am very disappointed about this.	0
"I purchased this phone and made the mistake of misreading the item description. So i opened a return only to find out shortly after that the mistake was mine. so i went to have the phone camera replaced, only to find out that it was water damage that caused the camera to break and its far to expensive to fix water damage to make it worth it. Now the seller wont open another return and i cant get ahold of ebay for the life of me. They hide better then Osama."	0
"i purchased this phone a few weeks ago, and overall, this is a very great phone for all its features.  i switched over from a HTC Evo 3D, and the only big issue i had was the android keyboard.  the space bar is slightly smaller, and the phone doesnt know alot of commonly used words in context.  other then that, the phones ease of access is amazing.  the processor on the phone is very quick, and has wifi, 3g, and 4g capability for quick internet browsing.  the camera is a 8.0mega in the back, and shoots some amazing pictures and even does zoomed in close ups with a very fine and precise focus capability.  i was amazed at how fine my pictures came out.   call clarity is everything, and this phone had a crystal clear  sound output and same for the microphone.  never had a dropped call or out of range signal.    the thing i love the most is the ability to tell the phone what to do. as an example- &quot;Hello Galaxy&quot;-prompted the phone i was giving a command.-&quot;navigate me to XXX Chesapeake ave&quot;-the command i gave. the phone promptly responded with &quot;navigating to XXX Chesapeake Ave, Towson MD&quot; and started giving directions.    over all, i will recommend Samsung galaxy phones to people who want a reliable phone that has the ability to do anything."	1
"I purchased this particular phone for my father. He always prefers cellular phones that have slim and sleek profiles (light weight). Seeing as how I didn&apos;t buy it for myself, I can&apos;t write a proper review. However, my father seems to enjoy it very much. He refers to it as the perfect phone for an older man who doesn&apos;t want to deal with too many confusing functions etc. etc."	1
"I purchased this mobile a month ago. A new brand, unused, unopened Motorola XT610 UNLOCKED.    The surprise for me was big when I realized the phone wasn&apos;t new, wasn&apos;t sealed and clearly it wasn&apos;t without use.    Marks in power and volume buttons, scratches in the chromed areas. A VERY BAD BUY    I think that the fact that it was an used phone is what brought the problems.    The problems are the following:    -The QWERTY keyboard almos didn&apos;t response.  -The phone turned off alone.  -The signal sometimes was lost for hours.  -The battery lasted for 4 or 5 hours then it needed to be charged.  -Finally that piece of crap stoped working and turned off to never turn on back again.    I contacted the seller who has plenty of escuses and ZERO solutions.    One day ofered me one thing, the next day the offering was forgotten and offered a new and poorer solution.    After all, the seller didn&apos;t take responsability for that VERY BAD BUSINESS and estated that if I didn&apos;t ship that piece of garbage back to him he would not refund me a dime of the money I pay.    Summing up, I payed few for nothing.    Bad phone, VERY BAD SELLER. A thief.    Not recomended none of both"	0
I purchased this item thinking that it was in very good condition. Unfortunately the item came in a very scratched and scuffed box. The phone itself was also in not great condition. There were lots of dents and marks on the back of the phone and plastic. The seller mentioned that there were a few scuffs in the back of the phone and the images showed the phone looking almost perfect. I doubt that that images provided were the same as the product I received. I tried to ask the seller many questions regarding the item but they were very slow in response time and sometimes no response at all. The item also didnt arrive in time. I am disappointed in the seller and the item.  	0
"I purchased this item that was described as new. However, there's no way that this phone can be new because the headset outlet doesn't work and sound doesnt come thru my headset. So the item description is inaccurate."	0
"I purchased this item by accident but my request for a refund was met super fast, politely and without quibble or loss of thoughfulness or care. I almost felt like purchasing just out of guilt.  Highly recommended. (If only all vendors were as diligent and so thoughtful)."	1
i purchased this item because it was the best deal online! excellent seller!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
I purchased this item and the icloud was locked. So I contacted Apple to see if I could get it icloud unlocked and they said it was a stolen item. Also when I finally received the item the screen was completely shattered. Looking back at my bank records there were other charges that were coming from the same address for small amounts of money. I am completely unsatisfied 	0
I purchased this item and never received it. I tried to contact seller with no response. I had to file a dispute with EBay just to get a refund. I was very disappointed in this seller and the fact that they didnt even have the decency to contact me.	0
I purchased this item (not a bid). It took a week for the item to be shipped and almost two weeks to receive. I have never encountered this problem on ebay and was very disappointed with the delay in the sellers timeline to ship the item.	0
I purchased this iPhone for my daughter and loves it. No issues as of yet. Great buy! Fast shipping! Honest seller. 	1
"I purchased this Galaxy Note 2 on February 9,2014 from gaoshangguang for $19.99. I knew it wad too good to be true... my service with this company SUCKS. I&apos;m VERY disappointed!!! I not only did not receive my phone...they even kept my money!! When I tried to go through the process of getting my money back I got no response back from the seller and Ebay sent me an email stating that I am not to contact the seller after being told to do so!!! I feel I&apos;ve been scammed and I WILL NEVER use this sight for ANYTHING....EVER!!! A very disappointed x-customer"	0
"I purchased this for my son and he absolutely loves it. Great battery life,,,doesn't drop calls, "	1
"I purchased this cell phone online; and, it came with all Chines paperwork! The phone characters are also all in Chinese! Should this phone even be sold in the US? I have inqiuries into Motorola and Daily Steals (the online seller)to try to find out if this phone can be converted to English!"	0
"I purchased this because I liked blackberrys and android, I thought what a great combination. The keyboard is great and the phone works like most other androids, but I have to tell you this phone is a fail for 2 reasons.   1. The screen is like plastic I dropped it once and now its cracked its worse than the iphone screen. 2.  The front and back camera S@%# really poor quailty.  I will be looking for a new phone and this one will have a new home."	0
"I purchased this as a gift when I was going abroad as a phone that could be used internationally. The phone worked without any problem, the internet connection wasn't that fantastic with it but not a big deal. The main issue was the battery life suckd, and few months after usage the battery swell up for some odd reason, so couldn't use the phone for little while, sometime passes we check the battery it had gone down in size and started working again.... in the end it's cheap but you could find better quality within the same price if you have time to research more, if not go with it just get spare batteries.... Goodluck"	0
"I purchased this Alcatel one touch for my mother,she had one and damaged it so I bought her the same one. It's a simple basic cell phone and does everything she needs, talk and txt. "	1
"i purchased these 3 cell new and non of them work or hold charge, sent an email to seller and never got a response."	0
I purchased the phone when it arrive it's  Not working because I'm not In the US it would cost over a 100 US dollars on top of which the seller knew the motherboard was defective now they are saying they cannot send me an motherboard so i offer to purchase the board I'm awaiting a reply however i think unfair but such is life. 	0
"I purchased the phone that was described as unlocked,but when I received it I find that it isn&apos;t unlocked and I am demanded to enter code,I wrote to seller and he suggested to me to return the item back and then he will issue refund.That is not the best fixing way for me,because It&apos;s very expensive for me,I want to keep this phone and get unlock code to connect to my network.  please help me."	0
"I purchased the phone for my nephew in Cuba to take to him on my 5 day trip the phone works fine with the exception of the front camera, its stock on mico once you try to focus away it becomes out of focus. I had to leave the phone with him so he can communicate and I don't know when I would be returning to Cuba this is really unfortunate!!!!!   "	0
"I purchased the phone  for my daugher whose phone had broken.  However, when it arrived it did not work.  It may have been the battery charger, I don&apos;t know, it would not charge.  This was a waste of good hard earned money."	0
I purchased the new product was noted as.But t was not new. Seller did not accept this situation.Accused me of lying fraud.the seller to pay me to do again and wanted to send them to another product.But  didnt accept.does not want to get back to the dealer for the product product remained in my hand....	0
I purchased the new product was noted as.But t was not new. Seller did not accept this situation.Accused me of lying fraud.the seller to pay me to do again and wanted to send them to another product.But  didnt accept.does not want to get back to the dealer for the product product remained in my hand....	0
I purchased the new product was noted as.But t was not new. Seller did not accept this situation.Accused me of lying fraud.the seller to pay me to do again and wanted to send them to another product.But  didnt accept.does not want to get back to the dealer for the product product remained in my hand....	0
"I purchased the Motorola V120t (Cingular Wireless) cell phone to replace a lost Cingular phone. It was old technology and was unusable. I tried to email the seller and received an error message. I phoned and left a message but did not receive a response. I mailed the cell phone back hoping that would be an indication of my dissatisfaction but have not heard anything. If I ever buy anything on Ebay again, it will be a cold day in July."	0
"I purchased the Motorola V120t (Cingular Wireless) cell phone to replace a lost Cingular phone. It was old technology and was unusable. I tried to email the seller and received an error message. I phoned and left a message but did not receive a response. I mailed the cell phone back hoping that would be an indication of my dissatisfaction but have not heard anything. If I ever buy anything on Ebay again, it will be a cold day in July."	0
"I purchased the huawei mate 8 for $544. from the seller (never-msrp) they advertisement it to be a brand new, never open all seals in place on the box. I recieved the item with broken seals on the box no plastic cover on box and i believe it to be used evidence by the language being set to Chinese language, in a brand new never open i could have chose whatever language of my choosing  when i first powered the phone on but this was not the case. I have communicated several emails with seller but  they only offer unreasonable Solutions in their favor, so it is my opinion that this seller is a untrustworthy and fraudulent seller and so I will never purchase from this seller again due to this recent experience."	0
"I purchased one of these phones for my wife a few years back and she loved it! But, i purchased one on Ebay a few weeks ago and it seems as if it is a replica. The seller was from China. It came in with all the Nokia packaging but her original(was bought at a cell phone store in Fort Worth, TX) was a lot nicer. The battery door was made of a leather kind of material and the one from China was just plastic."	0
I purchased one for my father in-law and he loved it. My wife needed an new phone so I picked one up for her. She loved it too... so I got another one for each of my two daughter and one for myself. Five thumbs up for this phone!!!!!	1
I purchased it... and I am at Barrow Alaska .. and there is no service for this phone at all for the State of Alaska...     So now I have a phone that is not useful for me at all..  this is why I put &quot;poor&quot; for rating .. after the purchase thru ebay.	0
I purchased it because I wanted an unlocked phone. Since a third party unlocked the phone I had no warranty. Others may have better luck.	0
I purchased from this person an the phone wasn't in the case so watch out for this person the pictures on eBay is what I got a box with recite n then shows pictures of the phone in the box clearly kept it an sent pictures with phone inside to cover herself an im sure she will do it again so DON'T BUY FROM THIS PERSON SCAM TO GET YOUR MONEY so didn't get money back wasn't worth the fight to try 	0
I purchased from seller I won the bid. And paid him full. And I was keep waiting on him to send the item. After I told him how to reset the phone he cancelled the sell and lied to eBay he is out of stock.  Will never purchase from him. He is a lier. 	0
I purchased a used phone from this seller that I was told would not work in the USA but in any other country using GSM. I bought the phone and shipped to a friend in the Phillipines. The phone does not work and the seller is aware they sold me a damaged phone. They are refusing to reimburse me for the expense of returning the phone. I have had more than one conversation with Ebay help desk and they are refusing do not  expect Ebay to be of any help at all. In fact I spoke to them a few days ago and they were to contact the seller and get back to me as of today that has not happened. I would be very wary of this seller and do not ha expect any help from Ebay when you do have a problem.	0
I purchased a used phone  from this person.  No where in the add did it say the phone was h2o damaged or that it was GOOGLE LOCKED OUT . this was for a customer at work who had already been waiting for weeks ( due to snow storms ) now I'm out a phone and have an unhappy customer  who has to wait Even longer now. I filed for a return and they instantly asked eBay to step in saying I broke he phone trying to check for water damage when all I did was take the back off ( I'm a cell phone repair tech) they ruled in her favor and  closed the case So I called eBay and talked to a wonderful member of their team and they reversed the outcome :) so I got my money back but Im still in trouble at work -___-    	0
"I purchased a screen of iPhone 4s. The shipping was so fast, but the screen was defective. The quality of the screen was satisfactory. Unfortunately, the function of the touchscreen was unresponsive. So I installed my old screen again, I found that the touch function of it was responsive. I requested a refund.  "	0
I purchased a phone from a different website.  They say the phone had a 16G internal memory.  It only had a 8G internal memory and the phone took such a long time to charge and battery use is terrible.  Well I seen this phone in the store and also here in ebay.  So I purchased it and so happy I got this phone.  It is worth the investment.  To the seller thanks for having this amazing product . LOVE IT	1
"I purchased a Nokia E66. It was shipped late, once I received it, the battery was missing. The seller tells me that the battery was not in stock by his supplier. Promised two ship it in two weeks. Over one month later and I am still waiting for it. What to do next?????? I would never recommend this seller!!!!!"	0
"I purchased a motorola razr v3s cricket phone ,                                                                           it was very fast delievery, but due to my error. I did not realize that the phone did not work with my AT&amp;T carrier. I mistake that was totally on my part. I contacted the seller and within a week I was able to work out an exchange with the seller for a brand new, never opened motorola Z6 ROKR white phone that works on my AT&amp;T network for just a little bit more money. Excellent service and cooperation. Highly recommend this sellar to anyone looking for a speedy professional transaction.... louie"	1
"I purchased 3 Sidekicks and had to send 2 of them back, I purchased them because the price was excellent and my daughter and her friends wanted one. They seem to be very delicate, but, I was not pleased with the sidekicks at all. I hope they figure out what&apos;s going wrong with them."	0
I purchased 2 phone cards like these ones from this seller and his were fake and he never responded to my e-mails  do not buy them	0
I purchase this phone to watch Netflix on a older flat screen Samsung. I had this same phone 5 years ago and it is compatible with my TV. I'm disappointed because the seller didn't explain the HDMI port didn't work. PEOPLE NEED TO BE HONEST WHEN SELLING ANY MERCHANDISE.	0
"i purchase the product never receive it, seller never contacted me. i will never buy any product from china again."	0
I purchase the phone and worked well in fact great but soon after it crashed lost all functions as a phone and was immediately locked It is now impossible for me to call or text in anyway	0
I purchase it for a gift when I am out of the country. I sent to my best friend. He found out it is not working all. And he sent to repair shop. The technician told him it looks very old and has a lot of dust in it. My friend was very angry about it. It damaged our friendship. I fell so bad! 	0
"I purchase 2 phones ,but one of them was use, and it has a lot of scratches , not cool at all!!!"	0
I purchase 2 o these phones. They Net 10 phones. They are prepaid phones. You have to wait a year to switch them to Verizon. Who wants to wait a year. Miss representation. They cost me over $100 and wasted alot of my time. 	0
I previously had the asus padfone x and crushed my charge port on the tablet part. So I had to order this phone. I am sooo happy the new phone came and it worked with my phone perfect. I  didn't have to reprogram nothing just charge it up. THANK YOU SOOO MUCH	1
"I previously had a Nokia 6133, and was expecting the same quality phone.  The 2720 is awkward to open, and just feels wrong.  I want to open it up backwards because of the odd feel.  Several other people tell me the same thing with this model.  It also does&apos;t have a push button to pop it open when answering a call and is a clumsy two handed procedure.  The 2720 will take pictures, but has no way to put them on the computer other than to download them.  This takes forever, and I have only figured out how to do one at a time, and they have to be less than 100K.  With a 1.3 meg camera, this doesn&apos;t work too well.  There are no memory chips.  The 6133 had a socket for a memory chip, and I could download 100 or more pictures in a few minutes.  I ordered parts and a tool to repair my old 6133 and can&apos;t wait to get it working again.  Even the 6133 is not waterproof."	0
"I previously had a Nokia 6133, and was expecting the same quality phone.  The 2720 is awkward to open, and just feels wrong.  I want to open it up backwards because of the odd feel.  Several other people tell me the same thing with this model.  It also does&apos;t have a push button to pop it open when answering a call and is a clumsy two handed procedure.  The 2720 will take pictures, but has no way to put them on the computer other than to download them.  This takes forever, and I have only figured out how to do one at a time, and they have to be less than 100K.  With a 1.3 meg camera, this doesn&apos;t work too well.  There are no memory chips.  The 6133 had a socket for a memory chip, and I could download 100 or more pictures in a few minutes.  I ordered parts and a tool to repair my old 6133 and can&apos;t wait to get it working again.  Even the 6133 is not waterproof."	0
"I previously had a Nokia 6133, and was expecting the same quality phone.  The 2720 is awkward to open, and just feels wrong.  I want to open it up backwards because of the odd feel.  Several other people tell me the same thing with this model.  It also does&apos;t have a push button to pop it open when answering a call and is a clumsy two handed procedure.  The 2720 will take pictures, but has no way to put them on the computer other than to download them.  This takes forever, and I have only figured out how to do one at a time, and they have to be less than 100K.  With a 1.3 meg camera, this doesn&apos;t work too well.  There are no memory chips.  The 6133 had a socket for a memory chip, and I could download 100 or more pictures in a few minutes.  I ordered parts and a tool to repair my old 6133 and can&apos;t wait to get it working again.  Even the 6133 is not waterproof."	0
"I previously had a Nokia 6133, and was expecting the same quality phone.  The 2720 is awkward to open, and just feels wrong.  I want to open it up backwards because of the odd feel.  Several other people tell me the same thing with this model.  It also does&apos;t have a push button to pop it open when answering a call and is a clumsy two handed procedure.  The 2720 will take pictures, but has no way to put them on the computer other than to download them.  This takes forever, and I have only figured out how to do one at a time, and they have to be less than 100K.  With a 1.3 meg camera, this doesn&apos;t work too well.  There are no memory chips.  The 6133 had a socket for a memory chip, and I could download 100 or more pictures in a few minutes.  I ordered parts and a tool to repair my old 6133 and can&apos;t wait to get it working again.  Even the 6133 is not waterproof."	0
"I prefer to write in English...I&apos;ve got a good product,exactly as described for the seller,working so far..so good.Delivery was fast and in good conditions.    The reason of the purchase was::I had before the predecesor Model HTC with slower CPU,so was easy to get used to the new one.I like the shape and dimensions,and this one is really FAST.    Negative(but not severe)the Photo Camera can not match the real old HTC,the Sound Volume is a bit lower than the original,and has a weak Wi-Fi reception too,cause no way to choose&quot;increase signal&quot;on the Communication Manager,as the old one.(maybe a Windows 6.5 fault and not the mobile itself)    One must keep in mind,this humble but good mobile Phone cost only 160 US,while the old Original was in 2007(HTC Touch 3452)..375 US,of course I did not expect the same quality for half the price.    Hope this comment is useful...Al Leone"	1
"I placed the order and within 3 days I had it in my hands!! Phone looks great...the review on the site is perfect.  This is my first time ordering from eBay and I would recommend this seller to purchase new/ used phones! I have T-Mobile and the phone is ATT, but because it is unlocked it works.  I have tried it out so far, so good (for the first day).  Thanks."	1
I picked this item because supposedly it comes from the US- the ad shows delivery within 5 days but I got it 3 weeks (!!!) later. Then I finally get it and it doesn't fit. My phone is a RS 43-335 (AS ADVERTISED BY THEM) the battery is way too small and the connector'd shape is unfit for my product	0
I phone 7 sprint is the carrier only used for 3 months still has manufacturers warranty till feb 2018 	1
"i payed for the item never received called i waited about a month no response from seller,i contacted pay pal which paypal refunded my money."	0
"I pay for a brand new phone and they send me a second hand phone, with new OEM covers to look like new, and its broken. So this people they take the old phones who is normal to be broken some of that , they change the covers with cheap OEM to look like new, and they sell for brand new!!! and my problem is that is broken. I pay all this money and I don&apos;t have phone, and he say to me to send him back , and he will sent me other. its fany he have my money , I have a broken phone , and he want to sent him back to send to other people and the story continuous."	0
"I paid, but he did not shipped the Item  "	0
I paid top dollar for this phone because it was advertised as new.  It is used with another person's information on it. I would like a partial refund 	0
I paid my money for this phone and then the person selling it disappeared. I was told by eBay that this was a scam.  I still haven't gotten my money back. I will not ever by anything outside of the USA.  China = liars	0
"i paid for this phone back in april. they sent me a tracking number. i looked it up and it said the phone was in california, i live in south carolinia. i contacted seller and they never responded back to me so now im out of a phone and my money.this is total crap."	0
"I PAID FOR THIS AND I NEVER RECEIVED IT. I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED. I EXPECTED TO HAVE HAD THIS ITEM A WHILE AGO AND TO NOT HAVE RECEIVED IT YET IS EXTREMELY DISTASTEFUL ON YOUR PART. I HOPE SOMETHING CAN BE DONE TO HELP ME RECEIVE THIS ITEM, IF THIS TRANSACTION CAN NOT BE MADE I WANT MY MONEY BACK."	0
I paid for the phone. The seller began to ignore and canceled the order. Very long waited for a refund money.	0
"I paid for the expedited shipping and seller got it to me on Saturday like he stated he would. iPhone X was in mint condition. Description stated it was used that the box had just been opened, and that seem to be true. The iPhone X actually didnt seem to be used at all I was surprised because others have stated brand new just open box and Ive gotten item that seemed maybe like it was used. But that wasnt the case here. Good seller fast response and fair price. Thanks !!!! "	1
I paid for my order and he didn't give the product. wasted my time and used my 400$ for 5 days. very disappointed.	0
i paid for my item on october 8th and i got a message from you saying your awaiting my payment what do i need to do to get this right? my paypal saysi paid.	0
"I paid for it, over two weeks ago, and was never sent my item. My money did transfer out of my account. Very displeased with this, due to an almost $200 loss."	0
I paid for an iphone and he canceled the purchase 	0
I paid for a phone that could not be updated and the software was extinct. I tried contacting the seller to get a refund 3 times and the first 2 times no answer and finally got a response on the 3rd attempt and explained the problem they said they would send me a shipping label since i didn't have axcess to print one out. I have been trying to geta refund and shipping label for 3 weeks now still no label and no refund. I strongly recommend staying away from them they will sell you trash and steal your money like they did me. This is the first bad review i have given anyone since dealing with ebay. 	0
I PAID ALMOST $700 FOR A PHONE JUST TO HAVE IT MARKED STOLEN I NEED MY MONEY BACK AND I NEED IT NOW YOU DISHONEST THIEF!	0
I paid $ 575 for the phone which died just after one month and because 30 days have passed I have no cover from ebay. Such a waste of money and time .	0
"I owned this for about 2 years, I probably got it wet about 2 times, it still worked, and was dropped tons to where the front screen covering glass was off that screen was cracked and all the black bordering around the top was off because it was dropped so much, but it still worked. I dropped it and it hit the corner of a brick on our patio and seperated the flip a little so that the flexcable was torn. This phone was extrememly durable. You should get one if one of your kids is wanting to get a phone.    Pros:  Camera  EVERYTHING ELSE  Durable    Cons:  Really nothing"	1
"I owned this awhile back and got rid of it because I stopped using nET10 but heres the review I posted off of phonescoop.    There is nothing to not like about this phone. I didn&apos;t need a camera. I am a phone collector and reviewe and wanted to find some other phones for my collection- this came along and I was very impressed by net 10. It reminds me of the Nokia 1112 that is from telcel. It has the same games besides snake and still has rapid roll, but this phone has the color screen. Net10 realoly did a good job. Seeing as I only have had the phone for a day i cant really say, it&apos;s just kind of a little review.    The phone call quality is great, even in low reception areas where my verizon sch a870 has failed many times. This phone always gets the full bars.    The only real problem is that the phone can call people and dial numbers when in the pocket. However keypad lock, menu messages and the star key, locks it and fixes the problem, thats why it has a 4.5.    Net10 you did a great job. Great phone. Cool games and nice ringtone selections. It is even easy to text on.    30 cent plan is what I am on. Great little phone for a great price."	1
"I owned a phone very similar to this a few years ago and decided to buy this one. LG is excellent make of phones, very reliable and long lasting. The phone came in like new condition and very quickly. I am very happy with this ebay transaction."	1
"I owed 2 of these     they are  slow, locks up constantly  and lacks memory  worst  phones i ever owned"	0
"I originally paid $50 discounted price (with 2 yr contract) through US Cellular for this phone. I chose this phone due to it being the only one at the time that had infrared to communicate with my laptop. This is a solid phone that always worked perfect and held a good battery charge. I left it charging overnight in a pool of water from a nearby drinks condensation though and the phone still worked fine but lost its ability to charge (once the battery died, the phone was done). For normal use, I highly recommend this phone but its not invincible by any means and should not be considered so."	1
"I originally got this phone for my wife. We both had Tracfone feature phones and she wanted to try a smart phone. Set up was easy and the phone itself is great. Lots of useful apps, interface intuitive to use.  So, I figured I wanted to try one myself. Same situation with start up/ set up. I'm still working my way through the settings and etc. Haven't made any egregious errors that I couldn't back out of. Waiting for my 32Gb micro SD to arrive so I can increase the storage. I look forward to be constantly staring at the screen as I walk down the street and scrolling through page after page of  whatever it is people stare at while eating in a restaurant."	1
I originally bought the phone because it was inexpensive and purple. But I have come to appreciate the many features of the phone. It is a great value for the money.	1
I ordered your Galaxy Mega 5.8 I9150 8GB Unlocked Mobile Phone -But you sold me this phone made from China.  You are a fraudulent. You replace the touch screen but can not be used. You are not seller well.I want you answer why you did do that? Thanks.	0
I ordered two phones supposedly unlocked for T-Mobile MetroPCS. It took several days longer to get the product I was refunded on shipping. One of the phones would not work with MetroPCS so I had to send it back and apparently its on its way back now but who knows if itll work. This one that does work has a really crappy battery so Im gonna have to buy a new battery for it I will not buy from this company again	0
"I ordered two of this Samsung s5, and I did not like one of them I had to email the seller for a exchange, within 5 min I had a reply with a return slip and after confirming my postage he send me another phone which I love. This is my greatest  and smooth transactions I have ever had with quickest problem solving and best customer service ever. I can recommend product and the seller 100%. Thanks a lot just to mention Steve is a great guy."	1
I ordered this product on 18th September 2012 and am now filling in this survey as I still have not received the item in question.   I have contacted the seller on several occasions but met with very little help or information as to its whereabouts.  I have also demanded a full refund which I still to this day have not yet received.  I will not be buying nor will I recommended this to anyone.	0
I ordered this phone. And I never received it. I contact the seller and the seller didn't seem to do much to help me out. I went to the post office. I told the seller every step that I took to make the situation better and he said nothing he can do about it. Never again.  	0
"I ordered this phone to replace one just like it that I have finally worn out.  I love this phone!  It is easy to use, the battery lasts a long time, it takes great pictures, and it has a nice slim size, unlike many of the newer smart phones.  I reccomend this phone."	1
"I ordered this phone on March 9th.  By Ebay tracking I received it on the 16th of March (USPS).  I picked it up from my mailbox on the 17th of March.  It failed on the 16th of April when I was in vacation.  I sent them an email on the 17th of April.    The company said that the 30 warranty expired the 9th of April.  The company states that the warranty starts at day of shipping which they followed.  However, I have had better results from other options.   Some companies I just don't want to do business with a second time."	0
I ordered this phone for my spouse as an exact replacement for his phone because the battery would not hold a charge.  He is not inclined to learn all the new advanced technology and this model works well for his needs and to navigate through the menu.  We took his new phone to a Sprint store and they took care of transferring the service from his old phone to the new within a minutes.  They also electronically transferred his contact list within seconds.	1
"I ordered this phone for my daughter whose Nextel was stolen.  The auction said that the phone was never taken out of the box and was brand new.  It also said that there was no battery door cover and that it came with a charger.  The phone itself was in very nice shape with no scratches or anything. Well, it did come with a charger... however, the charger does not fit. Also, the antenna is missing.  This is going to cost me another good chunk of money since now I have to buy a sim card and all of those things(a new charger, door cover and antenna). I need to look into getting it taken care of. I am very unhappy with the phone."	0
I ordered this phone as a Christmas gift to my friend. Guess what.. the phone looked as if it was a used one and there was a crack on the bottom right corner of the case.	0
I ordered this phone and never received it. I send emails to the seller and never responded. Im still waiting for a response	0
I ordered this phone and it is amazing. It was a great price and got here quickly. Everything they post is true and would buy another off of this seller.	1
"I ordered this phone and after using it for about 3 days I began to notice that people who called me would say that they could hardly hear me. I really wanted all of the features the phone offers to work but that was not the case. The most noticeable factor I noticed was that the battery life only lasts for about 5 or 6 hours and the battery drains very rapidly. I feel  that the quality of the battery is very poor compared to several other cell phones Ive had over the years. I went on line and went to many cell phone stores and they all told me that the battery cant be found anymore ,they dont carry it and if it could,  they would have to charge me about what I paid for the cell phone if not more. I need my cell phone as I am handicaped in case of an emergency but I need a dependable one with family mobile that I can afford and I had hoped this was my answer to my prayers. Now maybe it is just this one phone that you sent me that is flawed, I don't know but would be open to another one being sent if need be."	0
i ordered this phone 2 weeks ago and it still isnt here yet they said it would be here in 3-4 buisness days but its obviouslly not now im phoneless my last summer in high school so i cant talk to any of my old friends that i wanted to see thanks	0
I ordered the unlocked smart phone but the phone I received is locked. when I insert simple mobile it says unknown Sim. so I want to return the phone	0
"I ordered the product on a Sunday. It showed they had it in stock. Here it is, Thursday, and it still has not shipped. Response time to my inquiries are horrible, and responses are vague and do not make sense. Worst experience I have had buying something through Ebay! If I could give them a negative star rating, I would! I was provided a number for the seller by ebay. The number provided for the seller is bogus. It says that a call is not allowed to this number.  BUYER BEWARE!!!"	0
"I ordered the Pink, as this review request and packing slip clearly states. However, I was sent the black"	0
I ordered the phone in white but received gray instead. That just ruined the whole experience for me.	0
"I ordered the phone and was in a hurry, it shipped fast and included everything. The packaging was very protective and the seller delivers on promises."	1
I ordered phone and after I received it I was not satisfied with phone so I returned for refund and I still have not got credit back for it. I would never order from this company ever again I was very dissatisfied with their lack of customer service.	0
I ordered Nokia Lumia 1520 unlocked Phone but I received a locked Nokia Lumia 1520.  I like the phone but can't use it.  It says invalid or No Sim Card.  Can you help me unlock it?	0
"I ordered my iPhone 6s   Not knowing how accurate the description would be. Hoping for the best and thats what I have. A great phone that works like new. Its nice having someone who cares about their orders.  Great job, great phone!  The story goes on. Took the phone to a Sprint store to set up the phone. They said phone is bad, HOWEVER I didnt have any problems with the phone at all. Contacted the seller who answered my email within minutes. She contacted an IT Tech who went way beyond his job helping resolve any concerns. They even hooked me up with Apple to do a diagnostic test on the phone. I was kept informed, I was treated with the greatest respect. Bottom line, the phone is perfect, Sprint wanted to sell us their phone. These folks, Hillary and Corey helped me have the best experience and got a great deal on a great phone. I wish I could rate you higher the a 5.    On top of all this, they sent me a beautiful gift. I am amazed at the follow thru and investment in time to make sure I was satisfied. You truly bent over backwards.  Thank you over and over! We love our phone!"	1
"I ordered item one and half months ago.. Estimated delivery date on 1st June 2016. But still I didn't received... I sent to many messages regarding this item status..  But there is no reply... at least now you may send the details of this item now,when I will receive.. "	0
I ordered and paid an Apple iPhone 6 64 GB GSM 4G smartphone. I'm disappointed because I got one Apple iPhone 4s.	0
I ordered and canceled within 1min. But no cancel and 2 days later already shipped? U kidding?	0
I ordered an network unlocked lg g4 and got one that is network locked 	0
"I ordered a white 64gb phone but received a black 16gb phone....had a bit frustration about it cuz I ordered a phone for my husbands 30th birthday...but I contacted the seller he replied, sent back the phone and they refunded me the money. Thank you "	0
"I ordered a phone that was suppose to  be  UNLOCKED!! and received a LOCKED  PHONE !!!! that I gave as a gift,  and it's  just  collecting dust. "	0
I ordered a phone over a month ago and I never got it. I tried contacting the seller and even filed a dispute with pay pall and I still don&apos;t have my money or the phone. You can say I&apos;m unhappy	0
"I ordered a galaxy note 3 for boost mobile I paid $199 and I never got it they just took my money and they never gave me my money back, it's the worse experience that I have had I'm not going to use Ebay anymore...  sadly  because I liked Ebay they loss a great customer :("	0
"I ordered a flip phone, but when I received it, it would not hold a charge. I returned it and requested a refund. The seller accepted my return but I never received the refund. I emailed the seller but did not receive a response.  "	0
"I ordered a 32GB phone, received a 16GB phone."	0
"I ordered 2 of these phones from VIP outlet.  When I tried to activate them I was told by straight talk that one was already active and actually came up with someone else's phone number.  The other they said was not ""scanned"".  Meaning it appeared that I had not purchased it and it could not be activated either.    Therefore I did not use these to know how they worked.  However, my husband did some research and found the memory capacity etc were inflated.  Meaning, the phone seemed to be advertised to have more memory etc than it actually had making the ""deal"" seem all that much better.  I was able to get a full refund but it did take more effort than it should have.  I had to make several calls to ebay and send several emails.  I did order this type of phone from straight talk directly and it is okay.  Faster than my old phone which was a galaxy core prime.  I like it a little better but I would not say it is anything amazing."	0
I ordered &quot;Google Nexus S&quot; by international delivery from US to Japan. It took about 10 days to receive the products in my hand. The condition was great. I&apos;m very satisfied with the deal and seller.	1
I order a lg v10 and got a other different phone	0
"I only write this review to stop the harassment of eBay. The item is only what I ordered nothing more and certainly not worth my time to say even that. It did take longer that it should have to arrive. And if not for the price, would have gotten it from another vendor. I only give good reviews when it is warranted and all factors relate to that, slow delivery is not the case. Two day delivery, being a very good item for the price, and things that go above the normal are the only thing that will ever get a better rating. That is the way that I run my business, so why would I expect less from other vendors?"	0
"I only saw the pictures and images that the seller provided. I thought it was cool and the features were okay. But, after I bought the phone, I felt regretly/. The phone was not well made. It was a bad quality phone. When the batteries are dead, they take three minutes to begin recharging it.The phone is very easy to got brozen, and I have to take out the batteries to restart the phone again. The Gold part of areas around display screen is now peeling off, and it caught my hairs in them and hurt me couple times when I talk on the phone. And, there is no other ways to use Bluetooth tech, or did not come with the USB cable to download stuffs. I can&apos;t get online to even download anything. It is just a horrible phone. I will never recommend anyone for the phone. I feel I waste my money to buy a defect phone."	0
i only have one thing to say the phone is a very nice phone i like it because i have every thing in one an it has been a very good time saver.	1
"I only had this phone for about 8 months, but I loved it-until I left it outside in the rain accidently for a day.  I really like the im style messaging onthis phone and the fact that it had a standard 3.5 mm headset plug was very important to me. This phone also doesnt require a data package.  And of course the purple and black is also great."	1
i only chose to buy from him because of the good feedback but i never got my iPhone  i bought	0
"I once had this cellphone.  I am satisfied with its performance, I needed one now, so I bought another one."	1
I now it is refurbished but the quality is so bad. After just few days side buttons began to fall off and then rear cover could not stay at his place and i had to use tape to hold it in place. After less then two months of use microphone does not work and the phone is now completely useless. It is not expensive but it is not worth it. I would not recommend a buy.	0
"I notified seller that I would be paying a few days late, due to issues with my account over an outstanding balance of 1.04 on my paypal. He agreed to wait, I paid, Then seller cancels and refunds without notice. Not cool!"	0
"I normally really like Caterpillar products but this phone is not worth $600. Yes, the thermal camera is cool, but beyond that, the phone is really low grade quality. The advertised 13MP camera is about as good as my ancient 2.0 MP Kodak digital camera. The home/back buttons look & feel cheap & flimsy. The sound quality of speaker is terrible. The overall font on the phone is small. Even though I have good vision, it was not convenient to use. There are a lot of better phones out there and most are making themselves waterproof. As for the rugged part, I rather just buy a tough case but have a good phone."	0
I normally hesitate from buying used items but this was about 80 bucks higher brand new and it came looking great 	1
I never sent my cell phone I sent a request send mony for paypad $ 612.98 and a follow waiting for me to send the traking number 	0
"I never seen it before, I dont have it nor did I pay for it. I have emailed the seller and ebay about this matter and I get no responce."	0
"i never resive the phone,because moneybookers cancell the transaction and after2 25 days moneybook. sead the money to the seller,and a loos may money,please helpme,and dont use moneybookers por your buss."	0
"i never resive the phone,because moneybookers cancell the transaction and after2 25 days moneybook. sead the money to the seller,and a loos may money,please helpme,and dont use moneybookers por your buss."	0
I never recived my phone still battling it out to get a refund. So i can find someone that will actually sell me a phone. 	0
I never recive the Phone it was a stafa he never send me any thing thanks totally fake i never want contact with this client .. thanks i will continúe buying stuff from another  person	0
I never recieved the card 	0
I never recieved my phone it was a christmas gift and never came so what can i do aboutthat i still want my phone	0
I never recieved it. I have been using ebay for a couple years now and this was the first time i have been disappointed.	0
i never recieve those phone!what s happened?	0
I never received this product the seller withdrew the item and returned my Money. I never go to use it	0
"I never received this phone, money lost. Mega shit !!!"	0
I never received this package	0
"I never received the product. The seller wont communicate, and I have never received a refund. This seller is a fraud. "	0
i never received the product. the company refunded my money back to me about a month or more and never even gave me an explination on why. bad business if i say so. i really wanted it too. now i just don&apos;t need it.	0
I never received the product and did not receive a refund.  The case was close without me receiving the phone I paid for nor a refund. I am extremely disappointed with eBay and wish to purchase anything in that site again.  Also take me out of your email list. I&apos;m extremely  annoyed by the site. The nerve of you sending a review for something I never received.	0
"I never received the phone, which was delivered to the wrong address by the Post Office. The shipper, FlyStar, refused to take responsibility by either replacing the phone or refunding the money. Presumably, they would have insured the product, and accordingly they could have filed a claim with the Post Office, but they refused to even acknowledge  the error of the Post Office. "	0
"I never received the item.  I never received an explanation.  when I claimed for it, just received the return of my money, but no one explained to me what had happened.  I bought and paid immediately, but I never received it.  I think I will not buy on ebay again.  I watch as everbuyng.com pages."	0
I never received the item.  I get no acknowledgement of this fact from ebay.  I will be refusing the credit card payment.	0
I never received the apple iphone.	0
I never received my phone and it'd been 3 weeks that it's been under investigation	0
"I never received my cell phone. The money was deducted from my paypal account, but no phone. No way to contact EBAY!!! Then I filed a claim with paypal and no response either. I guess I&apos;m out $40...I contacted the seller many times, but no response either... Ebay and Paypal should stand behind their customers like they claim they will..."	0
I never receive this product. So I have nothing to say. Spoke to the seller and still haven't heard back yet nor got my money back.	0
"I never receive the item, i waited for one full month , tried to contac the seller and no answer.  Then I had to contact customer service and they are investigating the case, I just hope I can get my money back at least. This is terrible, I don&apos;t recommend this."	0
"I never receice my cellphone,please try to send it for me.I supose to receive it november 8,until now nothing."	0
I never really do this but this guy rigth her is a lier said he was sale a iPhone 6s Plus when it finally came in the mail after lien about sending it but he never did when it got to my house it was a iPhone 6s but not a plus I really wanted the plus not the 6s when I contact him about it he give me a hard time about not knowing the size..... this deal was a bad deal to start to end sending it back to him.   	0
"I never quet the item,,,,,,,,....well.bot I get my mony back.     I very happy with the decision the ebay"	0
I never purchased this phone what wrong with you people 	0
"I never purchased this on ebay, or anyplace else.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX    Joe"	0
I never purchased such a product. ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc	0
I never ordered this product. It was sent without my authorization and I was charged. A class action lawsuit should be started against ebay for its deceptive sales practices and scam artists.	0
"I never got to use the phone.  The provider was approved for my area but they could not provide service with this phone.  The phone had over 300 minutes of airtime, trac phone would only allow 20 and told me it was my problem."	0
I never got to activate my not so new phone. It was hot to touch after charging battery. This phone was purchase on 1/14/19  Sold to me for $80.00 on 3/4/19. I am so disappointed.	0
I never got this item it probably got lost in the mail I contacted the seller eBay and nobody could help me.. I paid for something I dont have  I have to leave a review here because for some reason I cant on the eBay page 	0
I never got the phone I got screwed by the seller and eBay so think twice before  you buy a  product 	0
I never got the item I bought from the person!  I got my money back!  My husband however got a new one from AT&amp;T. He loves the phone. It works a lot faster than the 9800. They have better features. The keys are better and you have a lot more features.	0
I never got my item ao i wouldn't know.	0
I never get the product on the destination since the seller told me he had sent elsewhere by mistake and to date have not received it I can not say I have experience with the product since I have not received	0
I never get the phone. sent me another phone. not the same phone. I never get the phone. I never get the phone. I never get the phone. I never get the phone. I never get the phone. I never get the phone. I never get the phone. I never get the phone. I never get the phone. I never get the phone. I never get the phone.	0
i never get the item	0
"I never expected that arrive so fast, excellent process. Thank you."	1
I needed to upgrade my phone but didn't want to pay for one of the new monster tablet sized phones. This was perfect. I will probably need to upgrade sooner rather than later. hopefully the industry will come to its senses and start making smaller phones again	1
I needed to replace my husband&apos;s phone which he lost fishing.The replacement works great!Fast service/delivery by USPS mail!	1
I needed to get a new phone because my phone was getting old and it was breaking. I&apos;m very happy with it so far	1
I needed this to tract my health and meds I take. This fit the bill. Awesome product and is just as stated.	1
"I needed this phone as a second option and became a first option when I traveled to Africa last November, totally unlocked and perfect connection"	1
"I needed another phone and saw the ZTE on sale. On 4G network 96% of the time. Fast downloads, The front camera (that I didn&apos;t know it had) is superb. It also has the BEAM feature that the Galaxy S3 has, which is a plus. All for $36.24, It was a steal and good investment."	1
"I needed and wanted this model, thanks for the great price. "	1
I needed an extra phone cause mine died. This phone served my needs sufficiently. I wasn&apos;t looking for a top notch phone. Everything worked as I had planned.	1
"I NEEDED A REPLACEMENT PHONE FOR NTELOS THIS ONE WAS JUST GREAT, THE PRICE WAS EXCELLENT AS WELL AS THE APPEARANCE OF THE PHONE."	1
"I needed a replacement phone for my daughter who is on my family plan and this was exactly what she needed. She doesn&apos;t do alot of texting, internet or any of the other fancy things that mobile services offer. She said this phone has good sound quality when she talks on it and she hears the other person clearly. It&apos;s perfect for calling the schools to let them know if she&apos;s running late to pick her kids up after school. It&apos;s a very plain but nice functional phone and a great price."	1
"I needed a replacement phone for a few weeks until renewal time for my contract. This phone is hard to manipulate from feature to feature and the sound is horrible. It sounds like you are yelling at yourself, and everyone is yelling back at you , but it is muffled, so you miss the conversation. It will not let you set multiple alarms, which my old phone did. Many features I am used to are not available on this phone. I like the size of it, but the phone as a whole is a piece of junk. I would not waste money on it."	0
I needed a replacement for my work phone that wasn&amp;apos;t big and bulky. This flip phone was perfect. It is small and functional with no defects. And the price was a steal.	1
"I needed a phone without a data plan and this was really good.  I like the phone a lot but the only thing I don&apos;t like is having to move the bar to answer a call, etc. but overall I like the phone."	1
I needed a phone very badly and I purchased this one. THe phone&apos;s sim card would not come out of the phone at all. Now I have to wait to get another phone.	0
I needed a phone to get by until my contract was up for an upgrade in about 6 months.  Did not need one that require data.	0
I needed a phone for my kids because theirs had broken. I got the phone very quick which was nice; it turned on like it should and than it shut off. I thought I had done something wrong so I took it to my local Alltel dealer for them to look at it. They said that I had been sold a broken phone. The appearance of the phone was great but the inside of the phone was broke. I will never buy another phone with out at least a 30 day warranty again.	0
i needed a phone and it was cheap but cheap can be nasty and nasty it was. It was a dirty phone it dosent take very good pictures and the cover dosent fit well	0
"i needed a new phone, i like everything about this phone and this company,   good service and i got what i paid for, i feel i got a good deal, and i  am very happy..thank you"	1
"I needed a new phone, but I sold the old and dirty under the guise of the new. And so in general, this model is a relic and the road only for fans."	0
"I needed a new phone but wasn&apos;t up for renewal with Verizon.  I had seen the Cassio in the store and really wanted it.  Glad to get a reasonable price on this phone through Eban and this seller.  Shipped very quickly, and the phone was as described.  Barely any wear.  Like new.  Happy!"	1
"I needed a new phone because my other one broke.  I mistakenly made the choice to buy from Andy from China.  I thought everything was great.  After I won my KA09 phone, it was said to be delivered in 8-18 business days.  Even though that was awhile, I was still &quot;happy&quot; with my purchase.  I even emailed him and got a prompt response answering my questions.  When the package came business days later, I opened it to find head phone.  Not my phone, my charger, my car charger and battery.. headphones- that didn&apos;t even belong to my phone.  I emailed Andy and received a response saying how sorry he was and how he didn&apos;t understood how it happened.  Being from China, they clearly use English translation to write to American English speaking customers, because I barely understood what the email said.  The email said this: &quot;See you in the mail, we are very sorry! We have a special place the project staff. You say you received is headphones. I do not know how it happened, I will investigate the matter. We will pay the duty, please do not worry. Or I&apos;ll immediately send you a phone for you. Please trust us. Thank you!&quot;  After much deliberation, I decided I could not wait another 11 business days for another phone, so I kindly asked him for my money back, and what he wanted me to do with the headphones.  He said he would refund me the money and to &quot;note the check&quot;.  Waiting and waiting for 2 weeks, I finally opened a case with paypal and ebay demanding my money back.  I would never buy from this seller because I had to go through so much hassle to get a phone, then so much time and then it was wrong anyway.  Then instead of fixing the mistake, I had to wait over a month to receive my money back, and it wasn&apos;t even from him! Paypal and ebay had to pay me back! Do yourself a favor everyone, NEVER BUY FROM HIM! You will certainly save yourself a lot of time, money, and frustration.  Buy from JustCellular in California! Wonderful place and great phones!!"	0
"I needed a new phone because my old one was, simply put, a terrible investment on my part, thus I went to something more mainstream and reliable. So far, I&apos;ve had the phone for almost a week. This is a solid piece of machinery. Android 4.0 ICS (Ice Cream Sandwich) is streamlined and smooth and navigating the OS is a breeze compared to the Android 2.1 on my old phone. The AMOLED screen is beautiful, crystal-clear and sharp. The 16 GB internal storage is fantastic! No longer do I have to worry about overburdening my phone&apos;s internal storage with apps or videos, unlike my old phone. The features I love the most: The camera, despite it being a 5 MP. Takes beautiful panorama shots and is very easy to use. Also, the touch screen is very responsive, sometimes a bit too responsive but it&apos;s not something I would complain about.       So far, I haven&apos;t had any problems. Did have a slight glitch while I was talking to my girl: the phone completely reset. I&apos;m hoping that&apos;s a one-time thing.       In the end, this phone is a keeper. Samsung makes good quality phones in my opinion. If I need an upgrade, I will definitely keep Samsung in mind, in comparison to other phone brands."	1
I needed a new phone and read about this LG Cookie on line.  Then I went to e-Bay to find a seller.  The price was right and the delivery was even sooner than I thought.  This is an excellent seller and I would definitely recommend them.  I had a few questions after I started using the phone and their telephone help line helped me greatly.	1
"I needed a new phone and I wanted this phone. i LOVE this phone. the ONLY problem i have with this phone is the buttons are like almost really annoying to text with. But, I figure I&apos;ll get used to it. Everything else is excellent. Love the camera, love the graphics. love this phone."	1
"I needed a dual simm phone, this seemed like a great idea. the phone worked but could not charge the unit. Had to send the phone back at a huge cost. OUt of pocket and NO phone. I would steer clear of this one."	0
I needed a dual SIM phone and this one was advertised as dual SIM. It is not dual SIM. I had it brought overseas and now realize it is not dual SIM. Can I have some money back because this is not what I ordered 	0
"I needed a cheap phone with windows mobile, wi-fi and qwerty keyboard. It has a pretty loud speaker."	1
I needed a cell phone I could take to the beach so it had to be waterproof. I think I purchased the correct phone	1
I needed a cell phone for our Cingular account. My mothers purse had been stolen and so went her cell phone. I picked this particalur phone only to find out that it could not be activated on my account due to the fact that only phones with SIM cards are allowed on the Cingular network. I now have the phone but can&apos;t use it.    It is old and outdated the sales assoiciate informed me at the desk when I took it in. No longer is it compatiable with the new network.	0
i needed a cell phone for my granny and it was perfect solution by the price and everything else  thanks	1
"i needed a cell for my brother, so he can call after work for a ride, after i got the phone i tried to activated for 6 times and they told me the phone was not receiving any signal. i will not buy anything electronic that is used. it went to the trash."	0
"I needed a basic phone to replace one that went bad. I had a friend who purchased a similar one, the same brand and he told me he had his for years and it was like the pink bunny, it keeps going and going. When I saw this one at a fixed price for under $20 including shipping, I purchased it and it has worked fine for the last two months. I just purchased an additional one at the same price to keep as a reserve . This was a very good deal."	1
I need to return this cellular phone because I tried to conect a cellular line and they can not to conect and I need my money back      thaks         ......... attn: eucedasandra	0
I need an iPhone x for free no cash because I do not have money and I use my mother's phone so please I want  the iPhone x for no cash thank you	1
I need a phone.  I have placed my order and never received it.  What is our next step?  	0
I need a new phone. But what I got was a phone without a charger and no papers. So you can not get it to work. I just gave a way my money.	0
"I mostly use this phone while traveling overseas, works in every Country, with all the different Carriers, never fails, 3 or 4 days in a row without charging, it&apos;s simply awesome.  I have two iPhones: 3 and 4G, Blackberry Torch, and also this little orange baby, that I adore. As a bonus, in case you want to listen music, the speakers are really really good. This is an old times well designed phone. Have to admit, this is my second one, I lost the first one, and that is why I looked it up in Ebay to buy another Orange Sony Ericsson Walkman.  Got it, thank you for that."	1
"I mostly bought it because my old smartphone became really old, and I&apos;m pretty happy. It&apos;s very slim, nice, powerful and helpful.     Sometimes it slows down like a computer and you need to reboot, and indeed the battery life is just one day when you&apos;re online all the time, but these two things are quite reasonable, I believe.    Overall, it&apos;s a great device that I can recommend to my friends."	1
I messaged the seller about the item and he didnt respond until the bid was over and by that time I had lost!!! Cant be trusted and YOU NEED TO ALWAYS ASK THIS SELLER ABOUT ITEM IN DEPTH AT LEAST SEVERAL DAYS BEFORE!	1
I made an offer they countered with a good offer..sadly i. Couldn't afford the amount over..recommend seller highly for quick response and kindness	1
I made a few offers to people to see where I can get the best deal. I made an offer to this person and I asked to cancel when I found a better one. The seller never canceled the order and was very rude. I thought hed understand but he didnt.	0
"i lyk the phone,.cause one of my friend have this and i enjoy using it,.    well about the accessories the earphone it doesn&apos;t fit.  you guys send me a blackberry earphone,.  oh well,..    sorry but this is all i want to say,."	0
"I loved this phone when I purchased it in silver. It worked good and was a good phone for the first 3 months of ownership, then things got wacky, with the screen shutting off, and then finally screen going out altogether having me to get a refurbished phone (same phone) and having the same thing happen nearly 4 months into owning it as well. I got my next phone, and that one would only work on the charger. So It was a good phone when it worked, which most of the time I owned mine was disappointment because it didn&apos;t/wouldn&apos;t work for me."	0
"I loved this phone when I first got it, I did buy it used and rather cheap thankfully. The   gorilla glass will scratch if you breathe near it unlike my s5 that I haven't been so nice to without a screen protector and still has no scratches on it. The display on this has several issues, a couple light spots and the touch panel will go crazy a few times a week and delete things while viewing them and send 42 text messages of random characters before you can turn the display off to stop it. ZERO APP SUPPORT, not a single app from anything Google owned, no PayPal, and the apps you can get don't work well at all. the only official browser you can use is edge and no websites support it, not to mention nobody wants a Windows phone so the resale value is really low. Only good thing I can say for the phone is that it looks nice and has incredible battery life. If it could have android loaded, it might be decent"	0
I loved this phone i only had it for about 5-6 days and it never leaves my side. the only down fall is the short battery life but thats a minior prodlem other than that its the best phone i ever had.i love the camera and video recorder also the mp3 this phone has the most features iv ever seen on a phone befor. SWEET!	1
I loved this phone for the longest while. I had one about 2 years ago but I lost it and it was so cool for me to be able to get another one since it is not made anymore.	1
I loved this phone but recently switched to the s9. This ones almost just as nice.	1
"I loved the way it looked on the site and even after the box was delivered. I came home to look at it, and found out that it&apos;s made of simple fragile plastic. I bought this phone to replace mine which I bought in the US and it&apos;s the same model and everything except MY phone is way stronger and made of REAL parts. the one I bought was not like that. Thank g-d!!! I got my money back. Never buying from Hong Kong again!"	0
"I loved the way it looked on the site and even after the box was delivered. I came home to look at it, and found out that it&apos;s made of simple fragile plastic. I bought this phone to replace mine which I bought in the US and it&apos;s the same model and everything except MY phone is way stronger and made of REAL parts. the one I bought was not like that. Thank g-d!!! I got my money back. Never buying from Hong Kong again!"	0
I loved the unit except it won't accept sim cards. Merchant was very gracious in refunding me!	0
"I loved the service. Specially the shipment, faster than I thought!  The phone? Brand new as posted from the seller.  I&apos;ll happily conduct more business with the seller in the near future.  Sincerely,  Pacorro0"	1
I loved the S500i. It looks classy and sophisticated.  I owned some sony&apos;s  made and very satisfied with their qualities.	1
"I loved the phone! (it is practically new!) , the phone works well and is cosmetically as described! shipping was also prompt and hastle free, I will definitely buy from this seller again."	1
I loved the item. I would do business with this seller again......I phone was in excellent condition.	1
I loved the fact that when I was having trouble with the item I got a quick response and in the end the item ended up being BETTER than I imagined and the seller was more than willing to help me figure it out in any way he/she could. I would recomend this seller to anyone with confidence that they will be treated as a customer and not just a nonamed buyer. Thank you again for my awesome phone.	1
I loved the customer service I have received from you guys. Thanks for all you have done for me. Thanks againe	1
I loved my sony ericsson because it has every feature that you could need on a phone... i never doubted a moment that i would ever find a phone any better.  This is for sure the best phone i have ever used.	1
"I loved it, product is in  good condition! Works  well and it looks almost new!I decided to buy it because  it was cheap and the  shipping was fast.  I d0n&apos;t  dislike anything,  I would recommend this seller and the product i  bought. It was a great deal. thank you!"	1
i love virgin mobile phones and this is a good phone by samsung	1
i love txting so i thought it would be a great phone to text.  i love the phone makes it so much easier for me to text..  the only bad thing is i dont have a camera.	1
"I LOVE TO TEXT, I CHECK MY E-BAY SITE ON IT. I KEEP IN CONTACT WITH THE PEOPLE I LOVE. I LOVE TO DOWNLOAD MUSIC. I BOUGHT IT FOR TWO REASONS. ONE MY MOM, AND THE OTHER TO CHECK ON MY E-BAY SITE."	1
"I love to own samsung devices and this is my 5th phone I&apos;ve bought that was a Samsung. The phone does everything I want, fully customizable. I really can&apos;t go back to any other phone because i do not dislike anything about them. Good buy for the wife! Works as promised."	1
"I love this seller. They have sold me my lovely phone just as they told me and it came during the time it was supposed to. 100% recommend. If something unexpected showed up with the phone, they make sure to give you the best deal. You get what you pay for! :):):):)"	1
"I love this Samsung Galaxy S7 Active I have had many different phones but none compare to the active, I previously had the S5 active and living in Canada there was no newer version of the active phone so I searched on line and bought the S7 Active and I am not disappointed it is a great phone that I can take anywhere ."	1
I love this product. It has more features than i thought it had and works well. I would definitely buy another.	1
I love this product it works good and Im happy with the whole deal 	1
I love this product i can download songs to my phone for free and its just amazing and totally awesome. I decided to buy this phone because its like an eye catcher and i justr had to have it	1
I love this phone...BUT I should have returned it within the 14 days...It was refurbished and it drops calls as much as the one I had prior. This is probably the 9th phone like this I purchased..dont buy the refurbished ones...they are used and damaged....and I paid 69.00.	0
I Love This Phone...................................................................................................................................	1
I love this phone... 100% operational its just like new... the seller gave direct and precise detail of phone and i am 100% satisfied with it..     thanks	1
i love this phone.. its very easy to use.. there are plenty of apps that you can download.. the battery dies too quickly but other than that this is a great phone :)	1
I love this phone. Very efficient. I am very happy with this phone.	1
"I love this phone. The large buttons on the keyboard are great. And the interchangeable wallpapers for both outside and inside are great. I decided to buyt this phone because the Palm Treo 600 doesn&apos;t work on my plan, so I decided on this one and what a great choice I made. I have NEVER liked a phone as much as I like this one. Buy one! They are great (:"	1
"I love this phone. Smaller than the Generation 1 Stylo, very lightweight, and much better performance. It requires a MicroSim, so you'll have to get one from your carrier if you don't have one. The display is crystal clear and super responsive. I have never had a better phone."	1
I love this phone. It's my needful driving. 	1
I love this phone. Its amaxing	1
I LOVE THIS PHONE. ITS A PRETTY GOOD PHONE CONSIDERING I HAVE A TERRIBLE SERVICE(METRO PCS). THIS IS THE 4TH TIME I HAVE BOUGHT THIS PHONE (I KEEP LOSING THEM). I HAVE TRIED OTHER METRO PHONES BUT LOVE THIS ONE. THE PICTURE QUALITY IS WONDERFUL AND ALTHOUGH IT IS NOT QWERTY IT HAS A VERY EASY AND ACCESSIBLE MULTI-TAP. THE BATTERY LIFE IS AMAZING. I USE MY PHONE NONSTOP AND NEED A GOOD BATTERY.	1
I love this phone. It was my dream and soon it will be in my hands. It is most powerfull and serious mobile phone ever. It is big and have big screen wich i like very much	1
I love this phone. It very fast and shows great picture on display screen. 	1
I love this phone. It has so many features.    GOODS:  VERY VERY LIGHT WEIGHT FLIP PHONE.  WHEN YOU OPEN AND CLOSE THE PHONE IT MAKES NOISE.  RAINBOW COLOR FLASHING LIGHTS ON THE DISPLAY.  CLAMSHELL ANTENNA.  VERY CLEAR.  BIG NUMBERS WHEN YOU TYPE THEM IN (FOR PEOPLE WITH TROUBLE SEEING)  WHEN YOU TYPE A NUMBER IN A VOICE WILL SAY THE NUMBER.  VERY EASY TO UNLOCK.( FOR USE WITH ALL SERVICES)  VOICE RECORDER.      BADS:  I REALLY DONT HAVE ANY THING BAD TO SAY ABOUT THIS PHONE.    OVERALL I RATE THIS PHONE A 10 OUT OF 10. GREAT PHONE.	1
"I love this phone. It has all the features I love in a android phone. The price was great, it couldn&apos;t be beat. The only thin is the speakers are not very good. It was hard to hear it ringing. Other than that, it was a great phone."	1
"I love this phone. I was looking for a cell phone that was fancy but simple and I found it. Actually I had dropped it in a puddle the first week I received it and took it apart and dried it out and it still works! So overall it was a great deal. The only negative that I must warn you is that since it is unlocked you can&apos;t send or receive picture messages and a few other features but there is a website and im waiting for my brother to email it to me, with codes that make these features accessible. If anyone is interested in the website feel free to email me at gigglejules@yahoo.com.(the website is free) I would of included it but im still waiting for it my brother gets busy."	1
"I love this phone. I had to get use to it as I use to use a slide out phone for texting and this is all in one. The keys are small, close together and sometimes I hit a wrong key but nothing to want to send it back or give a bad review for. Great phone! great price!"	1
"I love this phone. I had a touch screen for about 6 months and just could not get used to typing on it. I love these keys, easy to type on, slides great, and lighter than expected. Best phone I have had."	1
"I love this phone. I do not need to see a million screens before I press a button. I do need to worry about dropping it, like a smart phone. I have internet at home, so I don&apos;t need to have it on my phone. I like that it has buttons and it is easy to put contact information. So much more..."	1
I love this phone. I bought it too use on Tracfone. I paid  $160 which was a good price for a new phone. I wanted a black phone but the blue is OK	1
I love this phone. Awesome storage space. Very fast.	1
"I LOVE this phone.  Trying to text on my older phone was to me almost impossible.  Once you get used to it (doesn&apos;t take long) you will love it too.  I bought one for my sister also, and she, too, loves hers."	1
I Love this phone.  The battery lasts a long time and charges fast	1
"I love this phone.  It is very &quot;user friendly.&quot;  I really like the &quot;itap&quot; way of texting and as far as I know, motorolla is the only brand that has this."	1
I love this phone.  I have had it for a few years.  The media features work great with the large screen.	1
"I love this phone.  Great, crisp, sound and easy to use.  This  phone is compact and easy to navigate.  I love teh lrge screen on the front."	1
"I love this phone, you can get a lot of apps, it is light and beautiful. if you don&apos;t have internet service you have the WIFI opption to connect almost every where..  Excelent phone"	1
"I love this phone, I wanted something that was in the 4.7 range because I have a physical job and larger phones got in my way , this is perfect,  I also wanted a more durable phone made from something besides plastic I love the metal frame. "	1
"I love this phone, gorgeous screen, Google navigation, google maps, text to speech, front facing camera, high res back camera, video chat, kickstand, records at 720p for high def video, just pure awesomeness!!!"	1
"I love this phone, both the looks snd the funtionslity of it and my experience with the seller was great."	1
I love this phone!!!!	1
I love this phone!!!	1
I love this phone!!	1
"I love this phone! Upgraded from an iPhone 3G and it made a world of difference! SO much faster! Beautiful, clear display. Nice design. I love the new gyroscope that adds more functionality and fun to apps and games. So glad I got this phone!"	1
I love this phone! It was a bit too expensive when it first came out but now its at a Great Price!! Camera is awesome and the so called problem people found with the buttons..I actually find to be a nice change. Charges fast and holds a charge pretty good so far. And with 128 Gigs..you cant go wrong.	1
I love this phone! It is able to do a lot more then my last smart phone. Battery life is good. charge is fast. screen is great. really like the slider on the side to go immediately to silent.	1
"I love this phone! It has the newest capabilities, so I can have the most updated apps! The battery life is amazing and the QWERTY keyboard is accurate and efficient! It is nice to be able to use the touchscreen feature and then flip to the QWERTY keyboard when writing emails."	1
I love this phone so much. It works amazingly and is worth every penny! It was a really cheap iPhone and I definitely recommend it to anyone! 	1
"I love this phone it&apos;s so much faster things I don&apos;t like: the battery kind of loses charge and the music sounds flat on it no EQ which should be included and better battery should come with the phone other than that it&apos;s a great phone and blows the iphone away the iphone is putting things on the iOS4 that was already on android for the most part (multitasking, folders woopdie doo lol) other than a higher resolution so what and a front facing camera which is already on android phone b4 Apple needs to step up to the plate now they revolutionized the cell phone market in 07 with the iphone, but that&apos;s it so far?"	1
I love this phone it works just as well as a Samsung for way less money. 	1
I love this phone it is a great upgrade	1
I love this phone it has everything that I need.	1
I love this phone it came brand new and working great clean and nice 	1
I love this phone is very fluid and fast. fascinates me	1
I LOVE THIS PHONE IS GREAT. I HAVE BOUGHT SEVERAL DEVICES AND THIS ONE IS THE BEST. I USE TO HAVE THE IPHONE 5S BUT THE GALAXY S4 IS THE BEST. I HAVE THE GALAXY S5 TOO BUT THERE IS NOT MUCH DIFFERENCE I PREFER THE GALAXY S4	1
I love this phone good price  fast delivery thanks	1
I love this phone because it is just that--a phone.  The industrial design is really nice too.  It works internationally and it&apos;s small and compact.  It fits well in my pocket but doesn&apos;t like the warmth in a confined space.  I&apos;m on my 3rd T28 and can&apos;t seem to make the jump to the newer generation phones.	1
I love this phone and purchased it for significantly cheaper than anyone else on EBay. It was also much cheaper than purchasing through my cellular carrier. THANK YOU A MILLION!  Item as described. 	1
I love this phone and havent had any problems with it. I got it in coral and love it! Would recommend!  	1
I love this phone and for the money it's well worth it.  The warranty for sky device phones are excellent. I plan to take an use this phone in Jamaica.  	1
I love this phone and all the features it has. Its my 2nd one.	1
"I love this phone .It is very responsive and has so many great features. The  camera takes great pictures. I also like the size of  the phone , it fits perfectly in the hand. Before I received this phone, I was using an android phone that was a little larger, but after awhile I was having trouble with it's responsiveness so I am so much happier with this iPhone ,it is the best ! "	1
I love this phone	1
I love this phone	1
"I LOVE this model c/phone!!!!!!!  Great item and a great price!!!   AAAAA  Old one was 3+ yrs old and getting tired - and I didn&apos;t like the other ones on the market.  I like the way it opens, can read it in the daylight, etc."	1
"I love this ítem and you services, thanks for be busisness "	1
i love this cellphone its all that and more and for the price you cant beat it its basicly simple and easy to use and doesnt take much brains to use it eithermy kids love it and my wife loves it and so do i  so buy one and you wont be sorry you did its well worth the low price thank you...	1
I love this cell phone.  It has been great.  It does everything I need it to do. It grabs the internet and plays games that keep my grandchildren entertained.  I also love the camera.  It takes great pictures.	1
"I love this case, I usually buy expensive cases and wasnt sure about this case but decided to try it and for me this case is better than the expensive ones which surprised me. It does not show finger prints or scratches. "	1
"I LOVE this  phone. It is sooo much easier than my last phone.  The setup, and finger print reader are very convenient and easy to use. It is user friendly.   The phone is pretty in white, I like the size, and it's weigh( very light, but substantial) most of all the phone is a real pleasure to use.  It is a real good but, and I highly recommend it!!"	1
"I love these cell phones. I have four phones and a collector, for my use, not for resale. I lost my navy blue (front cover) Pantech. If anyone has for sale. Please let me know."	1
I love the value of this phone. Plenty of memory and very fast. The camera is better than average and the pictures are quick and easy to focus and take.	1
I love the shape of the phone the screen size is prefect soon I'll buy another one for my wife 	1
"I love the quickfire. At first it had some glitches to it, but after a few days its working fine. Great doing business with you!"	1
"I love the product, the phone color is beautiful, and is very good phone, good sing, I send this phone to my country, and work perfect, my brother use and he say  is ring is nice"	1
"I love the product, exactly as described if not more, I&apos;d rate it much better than a 6 out of 10, relatively quick shipping and has all the basics, touchscreen and phone work great."	1
"I LOVE the pixel lineup! This one may be older but is still going strong today. I would still get the original Pixel over the Pixel 2 and 3 for the simple reason of having a headphone jack. Sure, the newer ones look nicer but I am looking for a phone that can do all the things I need it to. It is a phone, not a piece of jewelry. Also, why pay more money for a phone with less features?"	1
"I LOVE THE PHONE,ITS WORKS REAL WONDERFUL AND I WOULD BUY ANOTHER ONE LIKE IT...ITS SIZE IS PERFECT AND I CAN READ THE NUMBERS GOOD AND THE SCREEN IS IS THE RIGHT SIZE,I CAN SEE EVERYTHING ON IT.I WOULD RECOMED THIS PHONE TO EVERYONE....."	1
"I love the phone,but I am still learning how to use its full capacity. What I&apos;m not don&apos;t like is the small fonts when I go to Media net. All together I think I bought the correct phone for me."	1
"I love the phone, it is in great shape and it is exactly what i was looking for.  xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo"	1
"I love the phone! It&apos;s compact, and durable but it cannot be used with the Sprint Network...so now I have a phone I can&apos;t use unless I come up with the deposit for Verizon....being unlocked I thought it would work. Hubby isn&apos;t very happy....200.00 is a lot of money for a phone to gather dust!"	1
"I love the phone! It&apos;s compact, and durable but it cannot be used with the Sprint Network...so now I have a phone I can&apos;t use unless I come up with the deposit for Verizon....being unlocked I thought it would work. Hubby isn&apos;t very happy....200.00 is a lot of money for a phone to gather dust!"	1
I love the phone itself however I can't use it unless I am Wi-Fi most of the time due to 95% of the time it is roaming and steadily won't let you make calls. It is due to it uses verizon towers and I bought it thinking it was at&t as those are the main towers in my town :(	0
I love the phone its fast long battery life thin very bright and takes great pictures would highly recommend	1
I love the phone it&apos;s simply amazing.  It&apos;s lightning fast!. The 5 mega pixal camera is just awesome.  Web browsing on this phone is just incredible it&apos;s fast and smooth.  To all who want this phone get it.  You won&apos;t regret getting a phone like this.	1
i love the phone it is just what i wanted the seller handle things nicely and like a pro. it works out nicely cause now i can make notes that will remind me of my meetings with an alam	1
i love the phone even that is old school but the phone still work great.. i bought the phone as a back up but when to start using it i just cant stop that is how i like the phone	1
I love the phone because it&apos;s so easy to use and the seller was very professional. and the phone is simple but very technically secure	1
I love the phone and the seller is great she is very responsive always responding shipping is really fast 	1
I love the phone and its really new as described. Very responsive to all of my questions. Excellent seller. Thanks!  	1
"I love the P30 Pro, it is an awesome phone and it shipped fast... The camera is spectacular! "	1
I love the overall form factor and software of the phone. I love motorla and i think these are great phones.	1
I love the nokia n90.  I like its features and becuase it so big i KNOW the phone is with me.  the cost is pricey but it is worth it.	1
"I love the new iPhone 4.  There are many new features that I like about it, but the ability to do face time and skype, in my opinion, put it over the top.  The iPhone 4 has a screen that is crisp and clear and very easy on the eyes.  I would recommend it to anyone!  Thanks Apple for another great product. You&amp;apos;ve outdone yourselves as always."	1
I love the keypad it make&apos;s texting so easy and fast.The touch screen is realy nice too!!!And you can adjust the sensitivity of the screen which is realy nice also.There is nothing I dislike about this phone.	1
"I love the keyboard and software. I don&apos;t like not having a lock button, but I love the conversation messaging!"	1
"I love the idea of getting WiFi in open areas. I do not like the narrow antena band inside. Unsing one of the old phones, I can talk while on an elevator, while with this iphone, the limitations are only inside.   This is not because of the seller, but because of the coverage that my cellular provider has in my area."	1
I LOVE THE DEVICE BUT I ONLY USE IT TWO DAYS AND COULDNT USE IT ANYMORE I EVEN BOUGHT A NEW BATTERY.NOW IM VERY DISAPPOINTED.I KNOW I COULD HAVE GOT BETTER THAN THAT	0
I love the design and quality of calls. Thank you for selling me this phone	1
"i love the color,the case and everything that came with it.it was in perfect condition there is no dislikes.i loved it"	1
"I love the BlackBerry Keyone! I never thought it would be easy to switch from BBOS to Android, or that I could love an Android device, but BlackBerry has succeeded at both with this phone! It has excellent battery life, brings BlackBerry features, such as the BlackBerry hub, over to Android, as well as all new features, such as the ability to assign every key on your keyboard to be a shortcut to open anything you assign it to (e.g. ""g"" for google maps, ""a"" for amazon, ""b"" for browser, etc.). No other Android device offers this feature. To top it all off, BlackBerry is the most secure Android device on the market.  So, if you love BlackBerry, but want to make the move to Android for the apps, now is the time to do it. The BlackBerry Keyone will make the transition a smooth, easy, and pleasurable one. "	1
"I love the attached stand, and how sparkly the case is."	1
I LOVE THAT THE SELLER PERFECTLY DESCRIBED THE PHONE. IT WAS ACTUALLY IN BETTER CONDITION THEN I THOUGHT IT WAS GOING TO BE IN.     VERY SATISFIED BUYER !!!	1
I love that the phone I got was like brand new!!  Just as described!  The battery works great and the bluetooth headset is really nice.  Very good communications too!!  Fast shipping got it the next day!!  This is what ebay is all about.  Thanks again Prancer!	1
"i love that the ebay seller was so descriptive and honest about the phone. i really enjoy the touch and qwerty keyboard. it is a simple, easy phone that receives emails and closes so i don&apos;t have to worry about locking my keypad. it is really easy to load stuff onto my micro sd like music and ringtones. i&apos;m really happy with it and the camera is set up to take your picture! what girl wouldn&apos;t love that!"	1
"I love Samsung products, ...this phone is awesome for the price"	1
I love Samsung phone I've never had a problem with any Samsung phone I have had before	1
I love P20 Pro from my home country rather than iPhone.	1
I love notes being using android fro the longest Samsung notes love them thie one is by far a fast and great phone love it thanks. 	1
I love my zte phone the size the photos and the quality is great	1
i love my w376g tracfone! i've had 4 of them.	1
I love my Samsung phone works excellent and would recommend this product for anyone else.	1
"I LOVE my phone! Awesome camera, great performance for most tasks, beautifully designed. Best phone I've ever had!"	1
I love my phone!	1
"I love my Nokia 6010 phone. It&apos;s just the right size. I use the lock key pad feature because I carry it in my pocket. Very simple to use. It&apos;s very durable, can be dropped and won&apos;t hurt it in the least"	1
I love my new phone. There is nothing wrong with the phone it works great. I would totally buy from then again!!!! 	1
"I love my new phone,it works perfectly well."	1
"I love my new phone, super easy to use & fits in my hand perfectly ( I have really small hands). Transfer of data is another story, the UBS cable and connector transferred all of my apps. but not contacts. My nephew finished transferring by WIFI. "	1
"I love my new phone so much, great price good quality came in before I expected it. Highly recommended.. very very satisfied I would buy again from them.  "	1
"I love my new phone and have taken many many pics with it, just these past few days! "	1
I love my mega the seller was not honest when they sold it. It was already activated on someone else acct and activation card in the metro pcs phone. Due to this I made a informed decision to discontinue my business with eBay and try to tell as many customers I can about my experience with eBay and their dishonest sellers. So buy at your own risk because sellers can lie to get your money and eBay will protect them.	0
I love my iPhone 5c..... 	1
I love my iphone 5c - perfect size -great battery life and all around tough - switched to iphone 6 and switched right back to my 5c ! ..excellent apple product :)	1
"I love my flip phone.  I don't care what anyone says they are the best.  You can take a quick picture ( I don't need a huge camera in my telephone)  I can text (although if I wanted to write letters I would buy note cards) And it's small.   I don't want my bank information, credit card numbers, the irrelevant behavior of people I know (or worse, don't) at my fingertips.  This phone is perfect and will last three or four years if I don't drop it in the sink.  Oh yea-hairdryer and patience, Verizon didn't want to tell us that, but they come back !!!  Love it!!!!"	1
I love my cel phone is like new :) nice service and nice people nice :)  	1
"I love my 6s plus! It's so sleek, beautiful form. The phone works fast and I am very happy will this product, will totally recommend. This seller responds quickly and is really caring about the customers satisfaction! I give him more than a 5 star rating! Will totally buy again! Thank you!"	1
"I love many things about this phone, but it does not charge consistently. When I plug it in, it tells me to use the charger that it came with (a usb c?) because it is charging too slowly (REALLY SLOWLY!). I am using the charger that came with it. Help! "	0
I love it. It's great. Small nice to have the time on the edge. It just slides very easy off your lap or a love seat need to get a really good case it feels like it can break easy not for someone who drops a phone a lot 	1
I love it. It was a great deal and I am glad that I bought it. 	1
"I love it. Fast shipping. Works great. Only one regret , I didn't  order protection with"	1
"I love it. Everything is perfect. Great battery, great Bluetooth, great charging, great pictures. Definitely one of my best purchases"	1
"i love it, its small takes great pic and has a flash on it to .it a very nice phone very easy to use and i really have no complaints about it at all.i would definitely buy this phone again if needed to be.It works very well"	1
"I love it, I'm a 74 yr old senior and it has everything I need plus! Even movies and music and games! Had to get someone to help me set it up but now it's ready to go! Fabulous, and touch screen even! Just love it!"	1
"I love it!!!!!, the most wonderful smartphone. Easy, fast.my husband recommended it to me. Dislike??, anything, EVERYTHING is beautiful"	1
I love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
I love it! It was as described and came on time!	1
"i love it this phone,i know its gonna be really good cuz lg its the best phone in the hold word. thanks........"	1
i love it the best go phone ive had	1
"I love it that its so easy to get where you want to go, with this phone.It takes fabulious Pictures,the mp3 on it sounds great .and its easy to access the web.Don&apos;t no how   I lived so long with out this phone."	1
I love it thank you 	1
i love it so far no complains yet 	1
"I love it since it is economy high quality and easy to use, very cheap and reliable."	1
I love it mashalla. It looks brand new and. Comes with box and everything. Its the iPhone 8 Plus red and it looks brand new. Thank you so much	1
I love it its perfect thank you now looking for a s7 edge for me	1
I love it and price is good.	1
I love it all what its  cracked up to be	1
I love it  Thank you so much !!!!!	1
I love it  	1
I love how thin this phone is and it doesn&apos;t take up alot of space in my purse and it&apos;s very light. The navigation is easy and it&apos;s compatible with bluetooth.	1
"I love how the item shipped arrived the next day and the item was just as described, in perfect condition and seller sent tracking information as well so I could track my item, Im very pleased with this seller and highly recommend them for future buyers."	1
I love everything about this transaction. The phone was as described and the shipping was fast. Highly recommended ebeyer!	1
"I love everything about this phone.  Large screen, great camera.  Speakerphone is wonderful.  Not a great fan of the Siri.  This phone could use some more ringtones.  Overall, this is a great phone."	1
"I love everything about the phone. It might take you a few days to get used to the phone because of all the functions it has. Once you get used to the phone, you start to figure it all out and get to enjoy it even more.  The seller is great and super fast shipping. I think I got mine in twoays. Dont hesitate to buy this phone because it is great and well worth its money!!!!!"	1
I love but am still learning alot...I had a different make that used to get very hot burning my hand.. The HTC ONE A9 SO far doesn't get too hot..I would recommend it to anyone who need a good phone at a great price...Rosemarie Sutherlin.	1
"I love blackberry and all the phones I have had. Now I have the IPhone,  but wish blackberry would come back . Only thing I did not like is that I could not activate this phone and customer service could not also. Seller did not respond so I had to scape it "	0
I love blackberries because of the ability of the phone to get the job done like emailing bbm.    Also blackberry has the best battery life ever.      And Finally this is my fourth blackberry.	1
I lov it and it awesome thanks order again	1
i lost my money it did not work property and returned they just give me 35 dollar they stolen my money	0
I looked up best cheap phones on YouTube and I found this and I looked up at specs and all that stuff in the safe to give it a shot I bought it on here and it came sooner I said just like like a review I read it came faster it came on Monday but it came on Saturday and I love that and the Chargers great it charges fast and battery life is long really long as far as I can tell so far the fingerprint scanner works just fine the phone is really big and it's that's really good because it has split screen mode which allows you to watch Netflix for you too while your texting your friends and I like that because I can never get on my old phone the camera is great quality I've taken a picture so far and it looks beautiful I love it like Mike I'm using the mic right now actually so like if you want like if you want to be able to tell have a good time like is this is using voice to text so you this is how you tell how good the mic is not the best	1
"I live in Russia. Iphone 7 model A1660 in Russia or Europe is not for sale and turned on eBay. My chosen seller does not have much experience selling on eBay, but is responsible for selling. Iphone7 operator Verizon, was bought out a contract and received Unlocker and untied from the iCloud account. All information about Iphone, claimed by the seller; Iphone7 was in operation for only 4 months, no scratches or other defects on the screen and the case, the state of Unlocker and untied from the iCloud account were fully confirmed. There were no problems with the activation of Iphone7. EBay can be trusted for the quality of goods sold. "	1
"I listed terrible because there was no lower choice! I bought the phone to replace broken phone(same model) to use with t-mobile. Putting old sim card to activate it was a bust. Do you want t know the hoops? It can't be activated because it wasn't scanned. [because you can do that on an internet ebay purchase?] 1. get the receipt from tekdeals, (their purchase)to show it wasn't stolen. *no phone# contact information available.  2. Print off the receipt from my purchase from tekdals showing transaction number. 3. Get a ticket number from Tmobile's tech support. 4. get the sim# from current phone. 5. Email all the information to tech support. 6. Wait up to ten days for activation. The stupid phone cost $16. the trouble alone would have been 3X that. Just went to best buy and got a new phone.    Lesson learned, never buy a phone on the internet unless you can scan it."	0
"i liked the style of phone, i needed one,it was avaliable, so i bougnt it. thanks11111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111"	1
"I liked the product, but it was my fault because I neglected to read through and see that she did not offer paypal or another secure form of payment.  She wanted me to send her a cashier&apos;s check or money order (no personal checks), for the item.  I was not going to risk that because she was a brand new seller and/or buyer.  She had 1 review.  I wrote to her and explained that if she wanted to set up paypal, which will protect me and her, I would buy the item.  If not, then I would walk away.       She reported me to Ebay and left me negative feedback but I don&apos;t care.  I have been a good ebayer for years and she is the only negative comment I have received.  I rather take the negative comment then loose my money, as I have had that happen to me before on Ebay, and they did nothing to help me.  Loosing $600 is a lot worse than loosing $150, but it&apos;s still the principle behind the matter.        Ebay services are ideal but buyers must be smart about what they&apos;re willing to purchase.  One mistake may cost anyone a lot of money."	0
"I liked the phone, but unfortunately this particular unit was defective.  There was a problem with the charging mechanism and it wouldn't take a charge consistently.  I had to return it."	0
i liked the phone because i was told it brand new.  but it was a lie.they sent me a used phone.  i didn&apos;t like the service at all	0
"I liked the phone , easy to use, very nice camera, and good battery life. I would definitely recomend this phone to my freinds."	1
i liked the look of this phone and owned one a lot like it so thot it would be like it.  but alas.  it was NOT.  this has got to be the slowest dog texter of all time.  it is downright TEDIOUS to text with in spite of the qwerty keyboard.  i gave it as a regift and it looked good as a gift but would not take another one even if it was FREE.  THIS PHONE SUCKS and is the doggy doo of all phones i have ever looked at or used. i replaced it with the virgin mobile JAX used for $6.99 and JAX has it going on compared to the m575.	0
"I liked the layout of the phone but after using it for about a week it started giving me problem,I tried reboting it but it did not get any better,so I notified the saler and explained the problem,and the saler is located in another country and after a while he stop communicating with me,after i had sent the telephone back to him, he still would not respond to none of my emails,so since he is in another country, i beleive it is China, I just left it alone aand caused it a lost, and I will try not to purchase item from another country again, so sad peoples will do you like this."	0
"I liked the feel of the phone in my hand; size, convenience.  The quality of the listening was very good without interference.  Blackberry provides excellent support and additional information. I did seriously consider the Pearl Flip to replace my old Treo 700W if I did not have to pay the data fee of $30.00 whether I use the internet or not.  I prefer my PC for surfing the internet and I do not use it for music or games. (I am from the dark ages {age 65}.  The only other thing I questioned  was the size of the screen as compared to my Treo since I am already familiar with the larger screen If you already surf the internet and play music, then I would highly recommend purchasing the Blackberry Pearl Flip 8230."	1
I LIKED THE BLUE COLOR AND I WAS LOOKING FOR A CHEAP CELL PHONE FOR MY NIECE SHE IS REALLY EXCITED ON HAVING HER FIRST CELL PHONE SHE HAD ASKED FOR A BLACKBERRY.	1
I liked that you provided the phone information and the true condition of the phone.I received my phone in a timely manner and I&apos;m very satisfied with it.I hope to do business with you in the future.Thanks!	1
"I liked that the item was barely used and still in its new packaging, plus shipping was great. thanx"	1
I liked that I recieved the product shown and it was shipped very fast.It was in good condition easy to transfer over.	1
"I liked my old phone so much, and when it died, I was glad I found another. I am not into the newer phones; all I need is to be able to make a call if I  need someone."	1
"I liked it initially but after 4 months it started to malfunction (random vibrating, screen blackouts and finally no connection to any networks). I exchanged it and got a new one and within 4 days the second phone started acting up so I immediately returned it and bought a Galaxy S2, a much, much better phone. The main problem with the Exhibit is that it&apos;s loaded with bloatware that hogs memory, and there&apos;s not enough memory to begin with, so the phone can be slow. It&apos;s problems are  well known and documented (go to Amazon to see more reviews and problems). It&apos;s a lemon, which is a pity since it&apos;s a nice size, has all the right features and it&apos;s priced right. But a lemon is a lemon at any price. AVOID."	0
I liked dealing with this person because they were honest enough to correct a misunderstanding on my purchase. I would deal with them again if I needed to because of this.Thanks again!!!!	1
I like your business 	1
I like windows phones	1
I like very much the phone. It is perfect and cheap and work perfectly. It solved the problems that I had with nexel phones.	1
I like to say thank you it is a beautiful cell phone I love it	1
I like this product because good price/performance rate aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa	1
"I like this phone. So, i give 5star for this."	1
"I like this phone, does everything it needs to.  Color screen, ring tones, compact, and neet looking.  It has built in sim chip which I like, dont have to switch chips."	1
"I like this phone better than my Pixel and pretty much any other phone that I have ever used.  The camera is great in the daylight, crappy at night....but I don't take too many night pics, so it's all good. Wish it had expandable memory..but it is certainly a premium device!"	1
"I like this phone better than any phone I've had in a while.  For some reason it's easier to operate than the S5 it replaces.  The 16gb/2gb is definitely worth the money.  Battery is the best I've had in a phone - moderate/heavy use and it goes all day.  Only drawback is the slow charge.  Otherwise, awesome phone"	1
I like this phone because its fast and it is easy to use. + it`s unlocked. It`s using SIM card and thats why you can use it in every country.	1
"I like this phone because it was easy for me to figure out. I can also use it to surf the internet, it has GPS, and a ton of other really good features. It&apos;s not an expensive phone, and except for the fact you should never wash it in a washing machine, it works really well.    If you are looking for an inexpensive phone that does a lot, this is the one I recommend. Other than not being able to immerse it in water, it is pretty sturdy."	1
"I like this phone because it compact, comfortable,and has a lot to offer. But ease of use will come in time."	1
I like this phone a lot it is very easy for me to use and make phone calls on it I like the color of it to I like flip face phones a lot this is a really pretty phone I like the keypad being soft that makes it easy for me to dial phone numbers ok and to call peoples This is a great phone that anyone could owed	1
"I like this phone , but sometimes I when I tried to make phone calls screen turned black...:-("	0
I like this phone 	1
I like this phone	1
"I like this Nokia6103 flip phone, it is one of the best models they have made.  The model is very strongly made and works well wirh my construction work being in my pocket most of the time it takes a lot of knocks."	1
i like this item because its unlocked and can be used with any cell provider that uses a sim card. i needed to buy it because my phone stopped working and i dont get an upgrade til next year.	1
i like the way it was exactly how they dwscribed it.my daughter loves it. so that means i love it. do business with this person. very good	1
I like the way it is set up it works with a logical type of thought process.   Sometimes the ring tones volume gets turned down accidently	1
"I like the two front cameras, Wide angle and the options it has  There was a bug at the left top corner, had to restart my phone everytime i play a game.. but its worth it. the phone has no other issues and i believe that bug was a software system bug.  Great work LG, Keep it up!"	1
I like the smallness because I can hide it easily. It makes a good internet phone and it's good with iMessage	1
"I like the size of the phone ,the blu tooth and the ease of operation.All the features are easy to find.The battery last a long time for a mater of days .I leave mine on all the time and it takes days before it needs charged.The color is attractive .Keys are adequate size to use comfortably.I would by one agin ."	1
i like the size fit on my hand 	1
"I like the size and shape, and that&apos;s about it.     Touchscreen is way worse than an iphone. Interface is laggy. Camera is bad..."	0
I like the quality of the product and the battery life. So well I liked how attentive the seller is	1
"I like the product, it is in good conditions"	1
"I like the product but until now i still don&apos;t  have it in the mail, its been a long time since  i order this product . Could anybody tell me why and if i will be able to receive this product, and when? Thanks"	0
I like the product because it was new and i had no problems what so ever.  If I would like to order another phone i would it through these peolpe.  They speedy delivery and wonderful response time.  Thank you very much.	1
"I like the product and is new.I have a problem with it,I am using Lycamobile sim card with the old handset same as this  one,when I am using it with the new w995,on the screen appears&amp;apos;&amp;apos;Inactive sim&amp;apos;&amp;apos;.I have tried other sim card of different networks there is the same responce.Can you please advise me asap what to do.I like my handset."	1
"I like the product   i decided to buy it because the product looked so nice and tempting. !  i really like the shape of the phone, it gave me confident when I hold it. this is a excellent phone for me. i really want to get another one if this one is broken. love all the features and it&apos;s display. so many option for me."	1
i like the phone............................................................................................................................................................	1
I like the phone. It's working very well. 	1
"I like the phone, it is in good working condition.just the way I expect it to be.. Thanks alot"	1
"I like the phone, design and especially the quality of the sound.  I would strongly recommend to buy this phone."	1
"I like the phone, but the one I had from AT&amp;T developed display problems. Rather than pay their rediculous price for another unit, I just bought one from sellingtech13 on eBay. For less than $70, I have a replacement that&apos;s in better shape than the original!"	1
I like the phone very much...very user friendly.  I've always preferred Android phones.  And Samsung is great...thanks!	1
"I like the phone due to the fact that you can expand memory vs new note that are limited jn storage. With  SDXC memory card, it can be expanded to over 150gb+ storage .....  To store all your photos and gaming.  The best in it class.   Plus the phone can do a lot more than anticipated.   Not to mention great camera too."	1
i like the phone but the owner seen to dirtie  phoneis working good send with no changer but it&apos;s ok	0
I like the phone because of its compact size.  The phone was not difficult to use. Taking pictures are extremely easy because you do not have to go through your menu to find the camera option.  There is a button on the side that you can push to instantly turn the camera feature on.  Great option when you need to snap a picture fast!!	1
"I like the phone because its small and light. It even has a camera which is a plus. It&apos;s very durable as well, i&apos;ve noticed. Sleek. Cool. The juke baby"	1
i like the phone and i check the feedbak coments and then i deside buy the item. Really nice like new	1
I like the long battery life.  I can get on the internet faster than with my older tracfone.  I like the size.	1
I like the item but I don&apos;t like paying $20 S&amp;H for an item I got for $40.  after recieving the envelope marked $1.98 USPS I knew I was ripped off again	0
"I like the iphone that I bought because its a quality phone! I decide to buy it because it is the best phone I saw at that time from the rest of the phones I have been watching. It is an phone that has internet, mp3, video and mostly all you need. Iphone is a great investment to have for a long time."	1
I like the galaxy I couldn&apos;t afford the newer one but this is a great phone very easy to use clear screen.  I really like it.	1
I like the features on it	1
"I like the fast responce in rec&apos;ing the cell phone. The phone does work,but was in very poor used condition. The battery does not hold the charge long. Only shows 2 bar charge after a full charge completed. All contacts from old owner was still on with recorded messages. I had lost my phone so this will do untill I get another one, hopefuly in better used condition."	0
"i like the fact that my phone was ship rapidly, within 2 or 3 days. However the phone was useless, i try to work it out with the seller, but it turns i did not read the fine print, but still i feel they should not sell trash, but anyways now i have to buy another phone."	0
I like the fact it was in its original packaging.  The description was vary accurate.  I would highly reccomend it.	1
"i like the color ,sytle and i wanted new purp0le whic had camera opportunies for instant picture and i olove the owner had pplace kool ringtone wallpaer, and it for a lady and is high profile of design of fashion for techonologhy of phones .only disappointment is i had to but charger for it."	1
"i like the CLIQ because you can add all of your emails ,yahoo,hotmail, gmail all in one , then your myspace and facebook!! i need a 2nd phone because the g1 memory was always getting low all the time and i&apos;m waiting for a nexus with a keyboard . this is way better then the g1 i shoud had looked at the Cliq a long time ago .    the only thing i didnt is the keyboard dont have its own numbers keys but i can get by that!!"	1
i like the brand the proce was good the shipping was cheap i recomend a hundred porcent this product	1
I like the Blackberry Curve. Easy to use and has alot of features. The only dislike is that there are no apps on the Blckberry Curve to download free music verses a Android. But it does have alot of apps that you can buy music from 1.29+  and Pandora is a nice app to download to listen to free music via WIFI	1
"I like that it's clear and I can see the color of my phone. Sounds silly, huh?  Good product, though!!"	1
I like that is very thick and also complete in so  many aspects of an smart phone the price was awesome and has 6.5 Windows mobile i prefer android but its OK	1
I like thanks!!!	1
I like phone very much. You get use to it right away. Would not go back to a 3.5 or 4.0 screen phone ever again.	1
"I like Nokia very much, especially this product.  It was a great product. Simple to use and very pratical. Usually the brand Nokia has few problems compare to other brands"	1
"I like my nokia 6610. It's still ""Nokia's quality"": easy to use, functional and very dependable phone. Update: I left this review on 08/07/06. I was using this phone in summer 2014 - still works... The battery still holds for three days...NOKIA! Excellent product !!!!"	1
"i like its user-friendly software, it is very basic according its price, but it also comes with good features such as bluetooth, camera, etc. I like Sony Ericsson Style, i have owned some of them."	1
I like it. Good item.	1
I like it because its a touch screen and doesn&apos;t cost a lot. With this you can text from your computer with the cd. My 2 last cell phone were a1200..I think next I will get a1600 or a1800.	1
"i like it a lot, my other one died so got this new one hope it last a long time."	1
I like it a lot because its small and all I really need is something to use to call 911 if necesary. It does just what I need it to do otherwise.	1
"I like HTC by its compatibility with Microsoft, but I just do not buy the software is also not very common and it makes me difficult to maneuver"	0
"I like HTC by its compatibility with Microsoft, but I just do not buy the software is also not very common and it makes me difficult to maneuver"	0
"I like flip phone series more than the bar phones now-a-days. I mean i like the bar phones it&apos;s just.. flip phones are awesome. you flip it open to answer calls, then close it to end them. texting is very old school since it doesn&apos;t have the QWERTY feature but soon it&apos;ll have touch screen(qwerty) and i&apos;ll wait for those as well. this phone is supposedly unlocked but i can&apos;t say until i visit outside the states and get a sim card or something similar."	1
"I like everything, the way i purchase on line, and the product is looks good,everything is ok,,,especially the GSM cell phone that one is make me so happy,,,is because i keep looking for internation phone like unlocked cell phone so i found that kind of phone on line in this site,,Ebay,,i really appreciate that,,i love it,everything is work in my country,,i don&apos;t care if its been used but i just love it,,,it gives me happy to find what i&apos;m looking for,, now i think i bought two unlocked cell phone INTERNATIONAL,,SO I AM HAPPY,,,    DISLIKE,,,I JUST NEED ONE THING,,,FOR THIS DISLIKE,,,CAN YOU PLEASE,,IF YOU GUYS KNOW THAT I ALREADY PURCHASE THE PRODUCT FROM THERE,,CAN YOU JUST LET ME KNOW WHEN IS THE DATE FOR THE PRODUCT TO SEND TO ME,,,I THINK THAT&apos;S THE ONLY ONE THING MAKE ME FEEL WORRY,,,YOU KNOW SOMETIME I SAID,,WHY DON&apos;T EVEN LET ME KNOW WHEN THEY&apos;RE GOING TO SEND ME,,,,OR WHEN I SUPPOSE TO RECIEVE,,,I THINK THAT&apos;S IT,,,,    BUT I LIKE EVERYTHING,,,I KNOW I WILL COMEBACK LATER TO BUY SOME STUFFS FROM HERE,,,SO I AM GOING TO LEAVE NOW,,I JUST WANNA SAY THANKS FOR EVERYTHING,,,    SINCERELY  CUSTOMER    JKEY OR JUDY KIAWOL"	1
I Like everything about Seller as item is same as described. and also condition is very supereb. Sellers service is also very fast.	1
I like every thing about this phone..................................................................  .......................................................................	1
"I like every bit of this phone! The screen quality is spectacular and the picture quality is great!! The QWERTY Keypad is a bit to get used to because the buttons don&apos;t stick out very far from each other, but once you get used to it, it works GREAT!! I recommend getting a shell or case for this phone. I owned a LG Xenon and dropped it a few times and it started getting really shaky, and the slider loosened a bit. So getting a drop-worthy case for your phone is always a plus. Unfortunately if you do not have AT&amp;T, You cannot use this phone until the previous contract expires. So if you plan to get one, and you are on a different cell provider, you make sure it can be unlocked right away and the previous contract has expired. Also, if you are going to unlock it, make sure you CALL AT&amp;T FOR THE CODE!!!! If you burn out the available TEN  tries to unlock it, the phone will COMPLETELY LOCK AND THUS BE IMPENETRABLE!!! Otherwise, a great phone and I would recommend it to anyone!     I got my product from tyler8707. If he is selling a product you are interested in, He is a great seller and will go above and beyond just the purchase!"	1
I like being able to buy on Ebay.     I dont like being ripped off and getting a product that does not work. I will never buy any electronic device again on Ebay. I have purchased 3 electronic items and none of them work as stated. They have all mis represented them eslf.	0
i like ..........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................	1
I like  this phone.  It does everything that  I want and is affordable!	1
I know the phone an is very fast excellent choice I made	1
I know that used means used but didn&apos;t expect one of the numbers being completely worn off. Very disappointed!	0
I know I only pay a $1.29 but they should&apos;nt be selling this kind of stuff the sanyo scp 2400 that I bought from this ebay member was good for garbage an thats exactly were it is at.	0
"I knew I was going to buy a phone in great condition considering it says grade A but this was seriously in mint condition It came as if I had just bought an iphone straight from the apple store. The box was even plastic sealed. Excellent condition, good pricing, and fast service. Thank you!"	1
"I just want to use this phone with a qr code scanner app but the camera does not work at all, I meant work but does no scan is not reliable etc. I will no recommend this phone to any one this is not about the seller is just the phone is to cheap made"	0
"I just want to say that these guys really, REALLY deserve 6 stars! They make EBAY look good. I will definitely buy from you again. I feel you are really genuine, which is hard to find these days.   Their customer service is lightning fast and they care that you are happy! I'd give 6 stars if I could! "	1
"I just want my full refund back, the phone doesn't work and has a lot scratches too, and I don't want the phone."	0
I just want anyone to know that buys from this seller they are awesome. I wrote back with questions I had and they quickly responded with answers. I would buy from them again they care about their customers thank you	1
"I just upgraded from the Motorla Droid. What a great choice! I love the huge screen, graphics, and camera! great battery life."	1
I just upgraded from my Xperia XA to the XA1. I needed more storage and this is definitely working well. The battery is doing quite well too. Would be hard to beat for the price. 	1
I just sat here and wrote a huge paragraph and stupid ass Ebay made me sign in and erased it so no review 	1
"I just received this phone today, and try to charge the battery before i turn it on and use. after i turn the phone on it say restrict and i need a code to remove the code. and the phone is poor condition. on the right upper side of the phone is damage."	0
"I just received the phone on Friday and was very excited to use it.  When I got it, I first saw that the key pad was a little raised and not smoothly placed on the phone bu tthat didn&apos;t bother me too much as I soon noticed that it still work and you are still able to use the keypad.  What disturbed me was the fact that the phone was advertised as &quot;unlocked&quot; but the phone I got is not unlocked.  Gor a price of 20$ I felt very cheated buying a used phone like that with little scratches and still can&apos;t use it and to get it unliocked( if I can) will cost me at least 25.00 or more dollars when I could have gotten a brand new phone for 45.00.  This phone is a total scam and waste of my time and money."	0
"I just received my phone and was able to use the smart switch app to quickly transfer all of my data and settings over in under an hour.  The battery life seems excellent and it has plenty of RAM allowing me to multitask and use multiple map programs while I drive.  So far I am very pleased with this phone, the screen size and its capabilities.  "	1
"I just received my cell, I love it so far, good service ...Thanks!!"	1
I just really want this message to go away on &quot;my ebay&quot; so i&apos;m typing this in hopes that it will go away	0
I just purchased this phone for my mother to make it easier for her you have to scold to contacts punch in 4 things before you can call a contact person programed in the phone  if your  looking for a phone for your senior mom or dad this phone is so hard I couldn't even figure out how to even set the time or date very hard I was so frustrated I in 4 days transfered back to a flip phone for my mother  don't get this phone There's nothing easy about it	0
I just plugged it in to charge it for the first time since I got it and nothing won't charge. I have tried three others cords and nothing. I feel ripped off. So now I take it in to get fixed and the cost goes up. 	0
I just needed a replacement phone for my daughters assurance wireless account  in which all I had to do was call them and activate the phone under her account. she has a simple text and talk plan but really likes the phone since it reminds her of a blackberry. This phones does not have wifi capabilities which I love anyway because I don't want her using the internet although if your plan does include internet you will be able to use it. 	1
I just need the screen and battery of that phone. It&apos;s a great deal because original screen and battery cost at least $100 on Amazon. Delivered in two days. Just a little scratch on the screen. Works wonderfully!	1
"I just love this phone!! It&apos;s incredibly fast, easy to use and has great features and apps. It has met my expectations all the way and it is one of the best Smartphones on the market by far!"	1
I just love the phone. It's the right size and the extra storage space of a 64 gb is a winner. It does so many things and I'm learning how to use all the features. 	1
"I just love it.  Works properly.  Simple,easy to use.  Nice looking, small, handful.  Loud.  I&apos;m using it already for two months, and very happy to have one.  Very good phone for such a small price.  My only complaint hat the camera weak at darkness hours"	1
"I just got the phone today, and the person who sold me this phone did NOT mention that the 7,8,and 9 numbers didnt work at all, and the M,N,B does NOT work either. This is a bad phone. They DID NOT tell me that it was messed up they said it was working great and nothing was wrong with it!!!! bad bad bad phone."	0
I just got the equipment en perfect condition with everything as said. And by the way 2 days before I expected.	1
"I just fell in love with this phone. I originally had a Samsung note edge, and when that started having major issues with the operating system, I tried several other android phones and just was not enthused.  I know this is an older iPhone by industry standards, but I really love it. I love how big it is and most of all the Camera is 100 times better than past iPhones. Really happy with my purchase."	1
"I just bought this phone off of ebay and love the phone, alot more easier to operate then my old phone (which was a flip phone) I&apos;d recommend this to everyone. Battery life is amazing, haven&apos;t had any issues with it. Just love it."	1
I just bought this phone as a spare and haven't used it yet.  Fast shipping!	1
"I just activated the phone today with my Safelink service as I tried a few SIM cards and the third actually worked. So thank you and others love it. Of course, I recommend this website."	1
I is not flawless condition! Some serious scratches on screen.	0
"I hoped this phone is excellent but windows operating system is not user friendly and difficult to use. Then, camera is no so good. Nokia should use android operating system in future. I won&apos;t buy window phone."	0
"I hoped it was better than mine, It is in some parts and it has it's own issues. It's not unlocked and can't get the unlock screen to come up. Like mine there's a dead spot on the screen.(touch doesn't work)  "	0
"i hope you ship asap , Really good store and good seller     Watching your store for any new , and i hope this phone will deleverid asaap its all what i want"	1
I hope you can send me a replacement express mail to make up for sending me a broken phone..	0
"I hope its better than my old one, I needed it badly. cuz my old one is too cheaply made so i needed a new one to use its just like my husbands company cell phone thanks!"	1
I hope it works fine when I get it 	1
I hope It will a perfect Phone!!!!I hope It will a perfect Phone!!!!I hope It will a perfect Phone!!!!I hope It will a perfect Phone!!!!I hope It will a perfect Phone!!!!I hope It will a perfect Phone!!!!	1
"I honestly can't even put into words how happy I am. The packaging to make sure it didn't come to me broken and shitty was wonderful and I appreciate it. Arrived earlier than expected, that's also a plus. A beautiful device. Thank you. "	1
I highly recommend Cellular Stream. I will buy from them again . The phone was exactly as described and incredible customer service.	1
I heard good things about the phone i got one for my wife and to be up front the phone is junk it doesn&apos;t work anywhere it has no signal if it gets signal it drops out i tosed the phone out and bought black beery witch works perfect every time	0
I havent recieve my nokia 7370 yet i want to now wats taken it so long an how much longer i have to wait it a month	0
I haven't received yet the product but i like it don't disappoint me let me receive the product i don't want you to refund my money back.	1
i havent got it yet and i paid for it on may 3rd whats going on? i checked my mail book place and havent got anything and its may 15th already? im not a bitchy person but my mom needs the phone before she leaves on a trip to give to my cousin in the philippines	0
"I haven't been able to utilize these phones because they are locked onto the Verizon wireless network GSM service. I'd purchased 3 0cs of these phones as gifts to my relatives in Africa, believing that the phones were unlocked for international /global use on GSM networks. I will need, and request that the appropriate  unlock codes for these phones be furnished to me, to enable me enjoy full satisfaction of this purchase. At this moment, I cannot honestly rate this product until they can be unlocked for global GSM use/service.  Thanks. Emokah, Chigbo."	0
"I HAVEN&apos;T USE IT BECAUSE I HAVE NEVER RECEIVED IT,  THE SELLER USED A FALSE TRACKING NUMBER TO DEFRAUD ME,  SELLER DOESN&apos;T ANSEWR MY QUERY,  SELLER IS NOT RESPONSIBLE"	0
"I haven&apos;t received the mobiles,I can say anything because I send more emails  about this but no answer"	0
"I haven&apos;t received it. Have no idea if it would please me. Bought it in a auction, but I will not do it again."	0
"I have wanted one for a while now , I'm loving its features, well with the price "	1
"I have used this phone for a few years, had to replace a gray version of the same phone. I drop it in acetone, but it still work for about 6 mos. after that. I like it being a flip phone, I feel like the ear and mouth areas are in the right place."	1
I have used this phone and its one of the best.  The megapixel camera puts out very sharp pictures.  I think if you need a pda then this is the one.	1
I have used this model Blackberry for years.  I droped mine in a cup of coffee and distroyed it.  I had an I-phone due to an upgrade by a family member I could have activated but I chose to get a new Blackberry just like mine.  They have great featuress and are user friendly.  I usually get 3 days of battery life out of it.  	1
I have used ebay to order two phones one for myself and one for my father. The phones that I purchased were in excellent condition there was a phone charger for the house and also for the car.I really appreciate how fast I received my merchandise. Because of the great experience I had shopping on ebay I will continue to make future purchases. Thank you	1
"I have tried to reach this seller by their Urgent call number Saturday but no one is answering. This iPhone 6s Plus is supposed to be brand new if I understand their description correctly. When I tried to use my Apple ID, it says I have to contacted the previous owner. I basically have no way to do it by myself. The seller claims the warranty is from Apple and I am not sure if it's the same on this one since it seems pre-owned. Anyway, please contact me or you deserve this one star for sure."	0
"I have to spent $90 to get me entirely screen replaced in locally  and back camera fixed .(cus.ya phone missing front camera , and unplugged the back camera as well)..... I will never ever buy from u again ..... Suggested  u guys buy from them before think about it 1st ..."	0
I have to send it back It has a Screen problem You going to recived in the next days	0
I Have to mouch problems for the internet and for receiving tex message them take to mouch time i dont like bc its to expencive for bad used phone	0
"I have to mention that the charger has collapsed after a couple of actions. Bought a new one which never worked. Two loses so far. Owned a Samsung S9000 before and was happy with it, the S5 not so good. Then there are all these terms and conditions for each software that enslave you to be spied upon by everyone. Can we have some privacy? I would describe the S5 as a delicate mobile phone suitable for coy people. Hope next Galaxy will improve and allow some freedom to their users. Best wishes, thank you"	0
"I have to make a complaint about my recent purchase, I have ordered a new Motorola V3xx Silver colour cell phone and I have received a used one with scratched camera screen and stored photos and contact numbers of the previous user. I want either my money back or the phone that I have ordered, a new one and not a used one."	0
I have to hit the app I want to open several times before it opens. and the battery DRAINS after listening to 1 song on youtube. The home key seems to get stuck.	0
I have T-mobile and had a broken phone. all i needed to do was get a micro sim card and i was good to go in no time. Phone works great and i couldn&apos;t be happier.	1
I HAVE THIS STUPID PHONE AND CANT USE IT. SELLER SENT THE WRONG CHARGER I LITERALLY GAVE UP ON CONTACTING HIM/HER A SECOND TIME. NEVER AGAIN ORDER ANYTHING FROM THIS SELLER.	0
I have this phone with Sprint and it works beautifully for my needs.I have friends who had their phones after about a year or so and my Blackberry is on its third year of use without any problems. I always keep an extra battery with me just in case since the battery life is not that great.	1
"I have this phone so I was getting one for my gf and after a full test including battery I can say this was a solid purchase. There were a few casing dents, but I use a case anyways. Otherwise solid."	1
"i have the same phone, it needsa alot more momory, my phone is always freezing up and SLOW windows 6.0 gotta go! epic fail HTC"	0
I have still not received my item! 	0
"I have spoken with eBay customer services and they are very good, polite and the lady worked me through by cancelling my order. The seller has agreed to cancel and refund my money back, I will like to do business with eBay and soundfriend again in the future. I will recommend friends and family to patronize eBay and soundfriend."	1
I have spent hours getting support at consumer cellular. They sent a free sim card to my home.  In the end it came down to the phone would not work because 2g networks are no longer supported by consumer cellular or Att  sim cards. From here I will contact eBay for support about getting a refund. It's too bad because I had the phone years ago with ATT and it was a great phone. This phone simply does not work.  frangr florida	0
"I have seen so many reviews from people saying that this is a great phone.  This phones specs look &quot;ok&quot; on paper with even above average hardware (for the price tag).  However, IMHO, this phone has 3 huge shortcommings:     a) It only has 4 Gb for storage (and almost 2 Gb are used by the OS and the rom files)   b) It only has 512 Mb or RAM for running Android 4.2.1  c) The camera is not good enough.    Dont miss understand me, ill try to be clear enough:  This phone is not intended for people who want to install a ton of apps and run some of them simultaneously.  If you are one of this people, beware of this phone, Dont throw your money to the toilet.    This phone will do a good job for people who are not power thirsty and are looking to have a cheap handset with which they can make calls, eventually check their email, perphaps texting via SMS or Whatsapp, checking their social network status or posting a fair quality pic or video.    This phone does have a good radio, and supports HSPA+ at 21 mbps, the display is an 7.5 (in a 1 to 10 scale), its quality is Ok (for the price tag) but never ever compare it to an AMOLED display.   If you only install 2 or 3 apps (facebook, whatsapp, perhaps twitter) it will work ok.  But as soon as you start downloading and installing apps the shortcommings of this gadget will show.  It has too low memory 512 Mb is not enough for running Android 4.2.1 and some power thirsty apps (like the facebook client).  You will find that the internal storage will run out very soon.   Sure, you can install a microSD card and you can think that this fixes your storage problem.  No !!! absolutely not.  The microSD does help, but it is not a solution.  I have rooted the device, swapped the internal and external mountpoints so i can use my microSD as internal storage (it helps, it really helps) but this memory is by definition slower than the &quot;harddrive&quot;.  I have used link2sd to move my apps to an ext4 partition placed on the microSD (again, it helps, but youll not a definitive solution, because storage is not a problem, but the lack of performace is).     With a bunch of apps your phone will get slower and slower, even the launcher feels hyper laggy !  Virtual Ram does not help, it makes the phone run even slower, so beware of it !    Finally the camera works fairly good under enough light conditions, in even mid to low light it produces low quality pics.  And the front facing camera is even worse.  Some devices even have some issues with the flash sync (and btw the flash sucks!)    So, ill say it again, if you dont mind in posting fair quality pics and only want to make phone calls, check facebook status and do some texting, go ahead with this phone, it is really worth the price.  In any other case, if you are apps-thirsty and look at your phone as a portable computer, forget it ! youll want to throw it in the toilet.  I have an old iphone 4 (16 gb model) and even now running iOS 7.1.2 which makes it laggy , it is tremendously superior in performance and capabilities.  It still takes much better pics under any circumstances, it surfs the web better and faster and can run much more apps simultaneously,    The final note, even its a cheap phone, most of the time you can still save a little more money and buy a way better phone as the Moto G which has a very good cost-benefit ratio."	0
"I have recieved the item and I am very happy with it. Had some trouble with the mialing system but, he got it handled very quickly which it is not his fault. I will buy from him again in the future."	1
"I have received your product but the product have externally damaged, look like used when described as new and I think this is not genuine. buyer payment  cost of shipping back.    I captured product and package images and uploaded to link below.  http://surakarn.mut.ac.th/nokia6500c/1.jpg  http://surakarn.mut.ac.th/nokia6500c/2.jpg  http://surakarn.mut.ac.th/nokia6500c/3.jpg  http://surakarn.mut.ac.th/nokia6500c/4.jpg  http://surakarn.mut.ac.th/nokia6500c/5.jpg  http://surakarn.mut.ac.th/nokia6500c/6.jpg  http://surakarn.mut.ac.th/nokia6500c/7.jpg  http://surakarn.mut.ac.th/nokia6500c/8.jpg"	0
"I have received two Ciphone C6 phones from the same vendor and both have been defective. The first one had a defective screen that would not respond to input and the second had an electronic feedback sound at the other end of my call to someone and that was all they could hear. I could hear them fine.    Amazingly enough, others who bought in the same auction are not reporting any problems....that I am aware of. I might add that the auction listing had many questions answered and one claimed the version to be a C6A and both of mine were the older C6T. Apparently the vendor was taking the word of the manufacturer on the version and didn&apos;t know until I inquired about this. So, the other buyers probably didn&apos;t receive the version they were supposed to....beware!    I am currently awaiting my 2nd replacement unit (3rd phone overall) to arrive and asked that it be thoroughly tested before shipment. I have already spent an additional $27 US returning the other two and don&apos;t think return shipping on items returned (sent out) within a week of receiving due to defect should be paid by the buyer....where is the incentive to the seller to make sure they aren&apos;t sending junk and are packaging correctly?    I&apos;m hopeful this 3rd phone will function properly and I can get on with my life.    The phone is a nice sleek package and feature rich for the price......but no feature is useful if it or the platform it is operating upon don&apos;t function properly."	0
I have purchased two of these pieces of crap from the one seller petter926 and have had trouble with both phones and Samsung Australia won&apos;t fix them and  the seller won&apos;t honour the 12 month warranty he gives. Very Very Bad service.	0
"I have purchased this phone 3 months back, it worked perfectly the first month but we started seeing issues ever since. The phone doesn't ring and the sound stopped working. The speaker doesn't work and volume outputs only with headphones. phone doesn't vibrate or ring for calls/messages. Not sure if it's defective piece sold or I am just lucky to get the odd one. Definitely not going to this seller again."	0
"I have problems with this item, firts the system has serious problem, it is reseting by itself, during the calls the systemhang the call and reset the phone, the phone still stone and does not received any mesage or call. the only good think is the camara of 8 MP"	0
"I have owned this phone for less than a week and can&apos;t stand it. It has been trying to do a software update since day 1. It cannot connect and retries every 8 hours - including during the night. I now have to put the phone on silent when I go to bed so I don&apos;t hear it try to make the update. This is annoying and makes it bad in case I get an emergency call from my parents. I took it to an AT&amp;T store. They said since it was so old, the towers aren&apos;t communicating with it right to do the update. And there is no way to stop it. Battery life is also horrible. Even when I barely use the internet, I lose a bar. I&apos;m having to leave it plugged in most of the day. With my old phone, I went several days. I am trying to return."	0
"I have owned several Sony phones in the past. The Z1, the Z 3 compact and now the  compact. I owned the Sony Xperia X Compact for a little over six months. The camera quality is good, but honestly is lacking compared to the iPhone 7. The microphone quality is good for recording voice memos and other ideas, and is comparable to the iphone 7. The operating system is smooth and has little issues with it, but recently in December I updated. Days later I was no longer able to connect to wireless, or bluetooth. As the phone was still under warranty, I contacted Sony. They told me to do a hard reset and try to update the phone. I did, but this did not fix the issue. Going through the setup process, the wireless WOULD NOT CONNECT! I sent the phone back for repair through the Sony Warranty Program. I did not receive my phone back until December 22nd. Once received, the phone worked for about 3 weeks, and after the recent update the wireless and bluetooth were not working again. I emailed Sony again, and went through the process of returning it so they could repair the phone. My phone was only under warranty until the end of February, which was strange because I bought the phone in May. I received the phone back and it worked for 4 months, until it stopped charging. Come to find out there"	0
"I have owned several smartphones. From samasung to LG. I have yet to find a Smartphone that is as innovative as the flex. Brilliant design, fantastic features as well as the best battery life i have found to date on a Smartphone. I Really like the Flex. "	1
"I have owned a T-Mobile HTC HD2 phone for approximately two months, I find it to be everythig I had heard and more.  I love it, The video &amp; sound quality are very crisp and clear.  Too many features to list, however, for the ones I have tested/played with so far, worked flawlessly. I really don&apos;t have any bad comments to make because I am still learning the other features that I have not tested/played with.  If I had to pick one thing that I dislike about the phone is that it is rather larger than I imagined ,but not a mind changer."	1
"I have owned a minimum of 7 LG phones starting way back with the G2, each generation of LG phone builds on the other until the Thinq series evolved, these are great phones. Industry know it alls highly rate this specific phone the V40. Really neat upgrade transitioning to the latest V50 Thinq. LG proves you do not have to pay two arms and legs to have the best tech!"	1
I have ordered several replacement phones from this seller and i have yet to be disappointed.  The products are cosmetically superb and I have never had an activation issue.	1
"I have one of these and it was decent for the time. Problem is all 3G and non-VoLTE LTE phones will soon become obsolete. Activation will not be possible after end of December 2018, and service will stop end of December 2019 with the total Verizon CDMA shutdown. "	0
"I have one and I hate it!!! You must have a wireless carrier but you are restricted in choice. Now the unwanted unusable used phone is worthless to sell. As far as using this phone, it&apos;s impossible to learn how.  I spent hours with &quot;Support&quot; and learned nothing about how to use this phone. The phone&apos;s so-called User Manual is pure useless trash. The battery runs down in one day even without use so you constantly have to charge it. I also learn that Sprint &quot;locks&quot; this phone so I can&apos;t use it with any other carrier found to be more efficient and competitive - STAY AWAY FROM SPRINT phone products - definitely not user friendly, reliable, or competitive! It&apos;s also made in China!"	0
I have nothing positive to say about this phone. I&apos;m not even sure why it&apos;s considered a &quot;smart phone&quot;. It won&apos;t run half the apps I want it to. Piece of crap. I wouldn&apos;t pay $10 for a new one.	0
"I have nothing bad to say about this phone, its simple, easy to use, and cheap to replaced.  Not having a built in camera is no issue,  I have an excellent camera so I do not need a so-so camera in my phone."	1
i have not yet recieved the phone. i have made several attempts to contact the seller and not yet gotten a reply.i have bought on ebay for years and this has never happened before.	0
i have not yet recieved the phone. i have made several attempts to contact the seller and not yet gotten a reply.i have bought on ebay for years and this has never happened before.	0
i have not yet recieved the phone. i have made several attempts to contact the seller and not yet gotten a reply.i have bought on ebay for years and this has never happened before.	0
i have not yet recieved the phone. i have made several attempts to contact the seller and not yet gotten a reply.i have bought on ebay for years and this has never happened before.	0
I have not yet recieved it and i would like to let everyone know don&apos;t buy things from shitty people that try to stiff you and i would like a refund and he did not put insurance on the phone so i can&apos;t get my money back.	0
I have not yet received it	0
i have not take it yet....poor shipping...i have comunicate with the sellers but i still wait..poor shipping poor shipping...i have not take it yet....poor shipping...i have comunicate with the sellers but i still wait..poor shipping poor shipping	0
I have not recieved the item on the time that was given.	0
I have not received this product yet !!  But the money was paid... 	0
"I have not received this product !! (as I have, why is delay delivery number? (Who do I contact about the goods and where to go?"	0
I have not received the phone.Sept.5 2012.*********************************************************************************************************************	0
I have not received the phone yet. I noticed after purchase that there weren't any refunds.  I was skeptical about the item so i contacted seller.  He stated there may be more wrong with it than advertised... Very upset i may be out money!!!!!	0
"I have not received the items, and after several email, the vendor stop taking care of my deal, they a bad company"	0
"I have not received the , what's going on "	0
I have not received my item since January and it is now April! Emailed buyer and did not receive a reply.	0
I HAVE NOT RECEIVED IT YET 	0
I have not received it yet	0
I have not receive phone which I ordered. It lates more than months.  I hoped I will by good phone for resonable price.	0
"I have not had any problems with the phone, it does everything I want it to do. Great value for the money."	1
"I have not been able to activate through Verizon, over the   phone, or at one of their stores. I was so excited to get  the phone, but it is basically useless. Live and learn."	0
"I have not as of yet used this phone. It does, however, appear to be fully as described and worthy of the price. I do recommend this phone and seller to all."	1
I have no problems with the phone is very fast and smooth better than my Samsung are used to have that	1
"I have no idea how the phone works because I never received the phone. My son waited and waited for it! It showed that it was delivered, but I never got it. "	0
I have no idea how the phone functions. It was NEVER received from the seller.	0
i have no complaints everything was as ordered icouldn t get tracfone to change the min utes from one pnone to another but that s n ot the fault of the phone   i don t reccommend trac phone to anyone. mine is just sitting there but i ll give it to someone..	1
I have never used a smart phone and appreciate the simplicity of basic phones.  Good: 1. Nice feel in the hand 2. Right size 3. Buttons look and feel good  Not so good: 1. After using the phone for 6 days (possibly a dozen of calls) the hinge broke. 2. The user interface is not appealing 3. There is no provision to create tasks or let's say I could not figure out 4. Battery lasted 3 days - I would expect at least 5 with me almost just carrying it  Conclusion: BLU - never again	0
I have never recived such a bad phone in my life time... full of scratches and phone even didn&apos;t turn on .. Seller bad he refused to pay me a full refund .. how bad it is ... when you buy stuff and lose extra bucks everyday on it...	0
"I have just spent the most frustrating 4 hours ever trying to get this thing to work.  I bought it unlocked and put in a Bell Mobility SIM. I have been beating my head against the Bell site all evening and have totally failed to get anywhere close to making a phone call.    The phone itself may be wonderful, I don&apos;t know yet. It doesn&apos;t come with a manual so you have to download that. Samsung does not make it easy and throws different download options such as downloading a new pdf editor or installing a new toolbar. WHY CAN&apos;T I JUST DOWNLOAD THE !@#$%^&amp;*(ING MANUAL WITHOUT ALL THAT HASSLE!!!!  My 10 year old cell phone is still working fine, why did I listen to my kids and get this piece of blood-pressure-raising technology????"	0
I have iPhone Xs max 512gb I looked on my behind of the box and this box this is a China fake replica iPhone. It cost only 250$ new stop doing this to people. 	0
I have installed and used ballistic glass protectors for years on my iPhone and Ive never had any issues with scratches like this one! In less than 12 hours there was scratches on the glass that only had contact with the inside fabric of a protective phone pocket in a purse! After two days the scratches were so bad that I cannot even see clearly! Shocking and disappointing...	0
"I have inserted SIM Card and it says device is locked for specific mobile operator and you have 10 attempts to left, enter unlock code. I am trying with a GSM Sim card only, i still don't know why i am getting this issue , I believe this is unlocked phone "	0
I have had two phones returned and Straight talk will not exchange it for a different make refurbish phones are a total rip off.	0
"I have had three of these phones over the past 5 years, I will not trade this phone for any of the new look but don&apos;t touch phones on the market today.  This phone is the toughest in the market in my opinion."	1
"I have had this phone since our last Verizon contract signing.  This was almost 2 years.  It has repeatedly broken.  The only saving grace was I had it under warranty.  In two years I have had 6 phone replacements, all the same model, all were poor.  The reception can be unreliable, the phone can freeze up on you and the only way to fix it is to remove the battery and pray it reboots.  I will say the reception improved when I bought an extended life battery (cost me $60).  If you get this phone, get it a good case and cross your fingers.  If you get it under contract, make sure it is insured."	0
"I have had this phone in the past! This model was very well made.The LG 290CM was one of the best phones made hands down! I love everything about this phone. I have tried the android phones and the battery life on these phones are terrible! I , also, lost many calls and did not receive some of my messages until the following day!! I will keep my LG290CM any day over the competitors!"	1
i have had this phone in the past and was very very happy with it. this phone has a very poor battery life which makes it very hard to deal with at times. so it forces me to give it a not so good over all rating.  thank you....	0
"I have had this phone for almost a year now and I still love it just as much as when I first purchased it.   I was put off by the shape and size of the first lg lotus... but because it&apos;s nearly the only flip-phone that sprint still offers, I decided to give it a try.  I must say, I am very impressed, not only with the design but with the high functionality of the phone.  The shape ended up working to it&apos;s benefit, with a fairly large screen and the wonderful blackberry-esque keyboard.   However, I do find the updated touch screen feature on the front relatively pointless... and I recomend getting a scratch resistant cover for the screen because it scratches very easily, but that&apos;s to be expected.  Over all, I think that this is a great phone for anyone. When it comes to replacing it, I believe I will get another, if necessary."	1
"i have had this phone for about a month and i loved it untill it started freezing up, turining off by itself, and not getting service bars. ive never dropped it, it has no scratches or dents at all. its a great phone untill it starts acting up now i regret buying it. i had this phone once before and it did the same thing except it was used so i thought that one had been dropped or something but no, my new one is doing it now too."	0
"I have had this phone for about a good month or so now, so far. I believe Samsung has far under-done themselves and I am thoroughly unenthused towards this product. It&apos;s slow. It crashes when used too far. It also turns itself off and resets itself when it sees fit. If you are looking to get this for someone you hate, then by all means, buy this product.    - From a disgruntled IT proffessional"	0
I have had this phone for a few days but it's working great for me and i believe its worth the cost.	1
"I have had this phone for 4 weeks. Earlier today the glass covering the camera lens fell off without being touched. Just now, the cheap charging cable that it came with also came apart without any force. What's going on here? "	0
I have had the phone about a month and have been very pleased with it. it's loaded with features. Best phone I have had. If you are looking for a flip-phone I don't think you can go wrong with the duraxe it's one tough phone.	1
"I have had several types of Motorola phones through the years &amp; with various carriers. I have also had other brands, but when my phone was dying of old age I decided I wanted to go back to Motorola. I went to ebay for 2 reasons, did not want to be under a new contract &amp; because AT&amp;T does not carry the Motorola RAZR I like. I am not into the so called smartphones. Won&apos;t use all the features &amp; don&apos;t want to pay for them! The RAZR V3xx is a nice easy to use but reliable phone. Has good clear sound, can&apos;t complain about the picutes I&apos;ve taken. I made sure my phone was a new one &amp; from the US. I have no complaints and have had the phone several months. I would buy again and deffiantly recommend to anyone."	1
"I have had no trouble with this phone. I bought it so I could check my stocks, and the Openwave internet device on my phone works very well.  I like the voice calling feature, I almost always use it when calling.  I have over two hundred names in my phonebook.  The only thing that I had trouble with was transferring my Outlook contacts by cable using Motorola Phone Tools.  I bought the cable on Ebay, and it might be counterfeit.  I had no trouble transferring by using my bluetooth dongle. I haven&apos;t used the music player very often, but it does work very well."	1
"I have had my Honor 6x for about a week now and I love this phone !!! This is only my second phone ever, but even I have had no issues so far. The only downside, (if you can call it a downside) is it takes a while to charge, but it holds a charge very well. I don't play games or anything like that but only have to charge it every other day. Overall this is a great phone and it works great with Straight Talk. "	1
"I have had LG phones before and just my favorite brand of phone. It simple and easy to use, it has enough features for my daughter. She just simply loves it!!!"	1
"I have had great service with this type of phone.  I had one previous and had to replace it after many years of use,  I would recommend it to anyone."	1
"I have had every phone, Blackberry, Palm, and Android.  Let me tell you there is NOTHING better than the Iphone.  This is the seventh one I have bought for my family.  Try it, you&apos;ll love it."	1
I have had audiovox phones in the past and I will never buy one ever again due to the fact of they are the eastest phones to break. drop it lightly and it will be broken.	0
"i have had about 2 blackberrys in my time, and none can compare to my HTC 8525.  Its everthing i want in a business phone!"	1
"I have had a V360 phone for 5 years loved it!  They do not offer this phone anymore,i was crushed!  I seen a new one in the box on ebay,so i jumped on it.  When it was delivered,i was thilled (new in box)looked great!  When i had it put in service,it has back ground noise.  Sounds like a swarm of BIG bee&apos;s!!!!!!!"	0
I have had a lot of problems with this phone its very very slow to respond sometimes it's so slow responding that I miss calls because by the time the answer menu comes up to answer the call the phones already done ringing what can I do to fix this problem any suggestions. 	0
"I have gotten LTE service for about 1 minute in a major us City on cricket. That is unacceptable. You can look it up. The 64gb apparently isn't for the us market. Best I can get is hspa.  Great battery, looks good, nice screen.  Have also tried with TMobile and it also doesn't work with them.  You can google this issue if you want to."	0
"I have got this phone imm without any delay. thanks to the sender for prompt shipping. Still i hvnt use it, I have bought this for my brother."	1
I have got my item it is amazing 	0
i have gone through five in under 1 year. the touch screen stopped working on all except the one i have now. they gave out after 3 months. the batteries life dwindles after a month or so also you need to charge every day. one of the battery heated up and burnt my leg. now the one i have will not allow me to retrieve any of my texts. i have to hold the selected text and let it scroll slowly through the little title bar. all of these problems happened in a year to multiple phones. this has been the worst phone i have ever had i will never buy another pantech product again.	0
I have found the phone to be as described. It nearly looks like a new phone. It is compatible with t-mobile carrier.	1
"I have found the Iphone 4s easy to use. Interesting learning about Iphone compared to aneroid. If you have an issue, etc Apple has such a good team of advisors that are willing without question to help you out. This alone has sold me on apple products. Hope they never change."	1
"I have found lately that so many sellers over state the items they are selling... and often actually lie.  Quite the opposite here.  The seller says ""new""... AND IT IS NEW.  Came in the original box with all accessories and manuals.  The box was factory sealed.  Put in the SIM card and SD and POOF... up and going.  Thank you for being an honest seller."	1
"I HAVE EMAILED THIS SELLER ABOUT 10 TIMES,MAYBE EVEN MORE!    I STILL HAVENT BEEN ABLE TO ACTIVATE MY PHONE,BECAUSE I NEED THE DAMN   LOCK CODE!!  HOW HARD IS IT FOR A SIMPLE E-MAIL BACK?   MY PHONE TOOK REALLY LONG TO GET TO ME,AND ONCE AGAIN..I EMAILED SELLER A MILLION TIMES ASKING QUESTIONS,ETC..     NO ANSWER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  THIS IS ABSOLUTLY RIDICULOUS.    WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS SELLER,WHAT A RIP OFF!!!"	0
i have emailed the sellers with no response. I have  had to file a claim. it has 12 days since tghe auction has ended and I have already bought and recoeved 3 items threw paypal.	0
I have bought two phones here and they were both faulty. The seller decide that it was not his/her job and refused to refund money!  Shame!	0
"I have bought this cellphone for my wife. It is not  a smartphone and it have not a touch screen. But it  is exactly what I was looking for : a very good looking  cell phone with a high reputation brand and quality.  The two screens are very convenient and over all, it  keeps things simple, but not limited."	1
I have bought and sold on E Bay through the years. I received this phone it would not work. I sent it back the same day that I received it. I paid the postage as the man told me to do. I finally reported it to Pay Pal giving them the tracking number. It is still not settled.  	0
I have been waiting for 10 days...  	0
I have been using product a couple of months. Face feels smooth & I believe it's getting firmer. I have bought several bottles since e-bay's prices are so good. Sellers ship very quickly & securely.	1
I have been using it since the day I got it. I Love It!! I had a touch screen smart phone but I hated the texting so I got this phone! So much easier to use! You can have your touch screen and I will take this phone with no questions asked! The only downfall is the blackberry app world is not nearly as good as google but that&apos;s ok.	1
"I have been using Blackberry phones for many years and this is the best one for these reasons:    * Does its core jobs competently for business and private use.  Phone, speakerphone, good wireless reception, excellent email handling, usable keyboard, usable camera, everything works well without overdoing anything.    * Has a trackpad instead of a trackball.   The trackpad is like an optical mouse turned upside down. It is a big improvement over the unreliable trackball on some models.    * Can be customised  You can hide all the icons for things that you don&apos;t use, so you get a nice clean uncluttered display that only does what you need.    * Connects to WiFi  Using WiFi to make calls works great and saves roaming charges abroad.    * Has voice control  This has been popular in Europe for years, why it&apos;s taken so long to get it in a Blackberry is beyond me.  Say &quot;Call Home&quot; and it just does it."	1
"I have been using an Ericsson T39m phone, which was imported from Sweden for four years without any problem. I like its many features and the strong battery. It is still perfectly functioning.   I have recently bought a new one for a family member through eBay, but it did not work properly. I thought I took a defective product by chance, so I bought another one. The second one presented the same problem, that is the phone does not find the network. It is irreparable.  I have heard that Sony-Ericsson does not fabricate the T39m any more. Allegedly they have sold the production rights. Perhaps that is the reason why you can find the product mostly at Chinese sellers."	0
"I have been trying to configure to a ""Samsung 6 Galaxy"", via Wi-Fi I don't think there is any fault with the unit. Is it me? I have been reading the manual, watching tutorials, but to no avail. Very disappointing configuration is not a bit more simple."	0
"I have been on T-Mobile for a while and just in the past 5 months due to job change and comany paying for whatever service i wanted and me staying local i chose to go with Cricket Communications.Now Cricket does not (or never will)sell this Amp&apos;d phone due to that companies demise but i shot this phone after getting it for nearly nothing from a neightbor(then buying one on here later,then another)with Cricket firmware and i would not use another phone.This one may not be for the ladies and is a big phone for todays standard cellphone but all it&apos;s feature&apos;s and rugged build have made this 60.00 and 40.00 dollar phone(i also got one for free).But if anyone did background search on the price of these when new they were close to a $300.00 dollar phone.Read all about the phone on Motorola&apos;s site or go to phonescoop.com.I have not had one dropped call on this phone,battery life is very good,takes good pictures(though i could care less about that)but my favorite is i hate using bluetooth devices in my ear(s) and this phones speakerphone ables me to sit phone down and have a conversation at up to or past 20 feet and me walk around and the person on the other line hearing me and me hearing them.These are also easy to make ringers to and apply and wallpapers also and have 40mb onboard and an MicroSD slot for memory,so plenty of space on these for tunes,pictures.And they state these will hold up to only a 512mb.I have a 2 gig in mine and it works fine.So like most that state that this one os no different,it will handle up to a 2 gig card.I have them in 2 out of the 3 i own.Overall this phone is built tough,looks nice,a little big(but i love that)has the rubberish grip which makes it nicer to handle.Has EVDO if you use that(i don&apos;t).But i bought the extra just incase something happens to the one i am using now and my daughter lovers hers and she is 17.Not for everybody due to the build,but in function it is tremendous and better than most newer more expensive phones.And i have owned plenty and glad i tried this one."	1
"I have been making purchases through NewEgg long before there was an Internet or EBay. I cant believe they would sell such a poor product. It turns on, takes 3 minutes to make contact with WiFi. Loads the camera when you dont want it and cant get out of it. (Requires battery pull to restart) Wont load any app. (Black or white screen) In short, utterly useless as a phone, camera, email device or anything really, as it is too light to make a decent paperweight."	0
"I have been an eBay customer for over 10 years. And this is the first time iam going to write a negative review because it was an awful experience to buy from this seller. I paid for a prestine/excellent condition iPhone , they sent me a damaged phone , I gave them a second chance to send me another one and the one they sent me was even in worse condition the screen was all scratched and the back had dents and scratches. Iam a lawyer and time is money so I decided to just leave them a lone kept the very old phone and gave it to my nanny and it has already started to give problems. Bottom line if you dont have time to go back and forth with them because of sending you damaged phone ,dont bother to buy from this vendor."	0
"I have been a Querty Woman for years. I avoided a touch screen like the plague. Every phone I tried with a touch screen made my head almost explode !  If you are thinking of going to a touch screen ? THIS IS THE PHONE FOR YOU ! She is sooooooo easy to learn...the phone actualy shimmies when you have hit a key...which makes learning the board easier. No auto correct, so that eliminates the yelling at your phone in public :) And risking being shipped off to the &quot;special hospital&quot;.    Battery life is a lil iffy, not sure about it though. I bought my used so it may be the issue.     I have only had the phone for a week and I believe I am in love.   Again, if you are even contemplating moving into the non querty sphere of Texting ? This is def a great phone to start with !"	1
"I have been a fond user of Windows PDA devices.  They were the first interfaces introduced in the phone market, not apples iphone.  The software is very dependable and useful to any microsoft business products,  including Office.  I now have 3 of these units purchased over the past 2 months.  I did not upgrade to 4g because AT&amp;amp;T did not have any 4G phones available with a qwerty.  It is a blessing it was not available.  I spent less than $500 for all 3 excellent condition phones.  I would have spent more if I bought new 4G phones with a 2 year service plan. My theory on these phones.  If your business uses windows,  this is the best phone of choice.  Buy used equipment and not new. You will save a bundle and get 90% of the stuff the new phones have. Buy,based on your needs, not your wants. When I buy used,I  don&amp;apos;t need to purchase a data plan and that saves me more money. If I want to access the internet from the phone and you have a plan for at home use, wi-fi will connect to it."	1
I have asked this seller to remove this item twice as I did not purchase it.  Any products I order I pay for immediately. I have received no response!!	0
"i have an elephone from china, with octacore processor, they made improvements on the design but they left the battery dead as it was using it for 30 mins by surfinf and a bit of game and ur Batt is dead for sure, thats why they left the battery life blank lol no specific time coz it wll only last for that time on that usage they even sent me a 3000mah, batt. but its stil the same waste of money nokia 1020 still dominates it."	0
I have an att phone and it barely works. Took away features like mirroring and it doesn't register some calls I make cuz it says they are international. Only buy unlocked phones for the company you plan in using	0
I have always held Motorola products in the highest regard. However this phone will not connect to the internet even after several attempts by TracFone to correct the problem. It's a phone and text only phone. Very disappointed in Michigan.	0
"I have always had motorola until mine was stolen, and I ended up buying a Nokia.  I seen this on ebay at a price too good to be true and it was, too good to be true. Possibly the worst phone I have ever owned, A refurbished model should look as good as new and operate equally well.  This phones battery lasted less than 24 hours even on stand by, Calls were cut off mid conversation and to reset the phone it was necessary to take the battery out and replace it to restart the phone. I am sure the original Motorola RazR was not this bad.    Top tip, if something seems too good to be true, it probably is"	0
I have always had Kyocera phones and use my cell phone a lot.  I have had two of these phones and they break at the hinge.  I continue to purchase Kyocera products but the KX9C is not for serious cell phone users. I purchased a second KX9C thinking I was hard on the first phone (and I really prefer Kyocera products)and it broke with normal use after about 6 weeks.  I didnt drop this phone and was not hard on it what so ever.  Buyer beware of this design flaw	0
"I have always been partial to Nokia phones due to their long battery life, slim design, quality build and feature richness. This phone dosen&apos;t dissapoint with the exception of the lack of quality of the camera, (but lets face it if you want to take pictures, buy a camera )..."	1
"i have always been a fan of Nokia and Linux based open source ennvironment. And after my Nokia N900 was weary, the next best thing popped in. Beats almost all top of the line smartphones."	1
I HAVE ALREADY SOLD IT ELSEWHERE!!! DO NOT PURCHASE DO NOT BUY! I AM WORNING MY BIDDERS DO NOT PURCHASE AND PLEASE RETRACT YOUR BIDS!!!	0
"I have already received this great, smart mobile from the US. I was enthusiast by reading some articles about it in my country. What more and better a man can get from this category of Mobiles?     What can you say about a little computer, a great Mobile? The newest operative system?    It&apos;s really a complete business mobile with a real keyboard. I love to write SMS and emails with a real feeling of a keyboard touches.     Here, you can edit your documents and presentations with an office program (Quickoffice), while you are on Taxi or on an airplan. And at least but NOT last, the great camera and the wonderful display to see films etc..    I recognise that I&apos;m going slowly in discovering all the finesses (they are many..) and powers of my Mobile. Yes, I will go ahead and I&apos;m sure I will enjoy it at last and forever."	1
I HAVE ALLWAYS HAD A RAZOR PHONE &amp; LIKED IT VERY MUCH.my old one finaly went bad.I had it for 5 years &amp; i droped it one to many times.	1
"I have actually used a variety of other phones and I keep returning to the Blackberry devices. This Z30, when I purchased it off eBay, it didn't work. It was a minor issue and I managed to fix it in no time and it works like a charm. It is slim and sleek and does what I need it to. The Battery is long lasting. But, the battery life is determined by how much you use your device and what all you use it for. Now, the Z30 doesn't have all the apps like the iPhone and Android devices, but for me, it has all I need and use. "	1
i have a razr and they are so over priced and they work good for a few months if your lucky than after that forget it  i would say stay away from these phones  not worth the money.  i  had a cheaper phone that works alot better than the razr this phone is so over rated  in my book it is junk junk junk	0
I have a galaxy s8 plus and it doesn't work properly the connecting peice to the phone doesn't sit properly and makes them phone pop up with slow charging. I've seen it say charging 2 hrs to 24hrs You have been warned	0
"I have 2 weeks with the phone, and the experience its great, very fast system, a great building quality , a very good camera for the price, the battery has a great durability 7 - 8 hours of screen . im very glad for buying this phone "	1
"I have 2 LG exact same model phones, 2 ZTE ezact same model phones. Not happy at all."	0
I hated this phone. The flip on it was neat I was really excited to get it at first. Than I turned it on and the dang thing was just a bunch of words nothing really neat about it. Plain white screen with black letters everywhere.	0
"i hate this this phone. shortly after i bought the phone the camera stopped working. i didn&apos;t even get to take 1 pic. then not to long after that, the mic stopped working so i cant talk on it now. the only reason i bought the phone was because i needed something asap since my pantech duo took a crap on me. i am not having any luck with phones. it seems like i am just buying junk."	0
"I hate this phone, can't dload the pictures. Reception is terrible. "	0
I hate this phone!!!!	0
i hate this phone it has wather dmg and is used but the conditions says its funtional and its not plus i can get past the unlock screen	0
"I hate the little phone, i bought it as it was advertised with bluetooth, only to find it was the most basic bit of rubbish i have ever owned&gt;"	0
I hate that phone. Nothing in that phone really work properly. After using it for weeks I dont even know how to set the vibrate mode. Any button on that phone is harder.	0
I had won a phone. I was very happy with the price and shipping expensses! It had many feautrs and work grate. And was in good condion.	1
I had washed my phone and needed a replacement that didnt cost a fortune. I found this one and loved the phone and the price too. I was looking for something that didnt have all the (bells and whistles). I will definately go there again if I need another replacement.	1
I had to return this phone. The one I received had many problems within a week	0
I had to resell my blu dash less than a month I purchaded because  the picture quality is bad. I actually didn&apos;t like it at all.	0
I had to request a full refund from the seller cause when I tried to have it turn on they said that this phone was reported stolen or lost and would not turn it on. YES I got a full refund and bought a Sprint Phone .....NO ISSUES ON THE SPRINT ..	0
"i had to replace the sim card module they charge me 50 bucks for it and the phone was lock for my carrier, the seller offer me to replace. but i really need the phone. it was supposed to be in great conditions. will never buy from this seller again. "	0
I had to have a Motorola Triumph and I got one for the best price. I loved everything about this phone nothing I disliked. This is the best phone for Virgin.	1
"I had to enlist the assistance of Ebay & PayPal this situation.  The seller stated that there was a family emergency  that took him out of town.  Seller stated that he would print and mail the item.  Needless to say, he didn't get my $$."	0
I had to call ZTE haven't heard back from them yet. I will not ever buy another ZTE phone again.	0
I had to buy a new phone because I am careless with mine and water! I do not like the LG as much as my past phone that I washed but I was looking for a phone with a keyboard for texting. This phone was easy to transfer over to.	1
I had this same phone for 10 days and it quit! At first it just kept turning it self off but after a day or two of that it just quit.	0
"I had this product only a week and phone went dead I have tried to charge but phone will not turn on. Must of had a bad battery to start with, It is sad that this phone only worked for a week. Feel like I wasted my money."	0
I had this phone when it first came out and loved it. This one was great until I tried to use the camera and it froze the phone and I had to remove the battery to get it to restart. Now when I try and use the camera or look at the one photo I got it says unauthorized and freezes the phone until I remove the battery. 	0
I had this phone for over 6 months now. I love it. Never dropped a call. Money well spent. It comes with S60 OS and thats what makes this phone a smart phone.	1
"I had this phone for less than a week and couldn&apos;t keep it.  After only a few installed apps, I got a memory error.  I checked and discovered that the phone only had 100MB of memory and you could not move the pre-installed apps to a SD card, I returned the phone. What good is it when you can&apos;t put anything on it?  Avoid unless you only want your phone to make calls and send texts."	0
"I had this phone before. Get this one for replacement of my old one, which I drain in a lake. ease to use cell, good for its money."	1
"i had this phone before , it works where others dont even have any signal. iam buying another one to replace my crappy sony erickson 800i . this phone is worthless as a phone , walkman and camera rocks. but i need a real phone not a damn walkman. nokia 3200 kicks ass."	1
"I had this model phone and it had completely fallen apart yet sprint no longer sold it.  I had 3 batteries for the phone and I did not want to start over with a different model so I found/ordered the same model on ebay and now have 4 batteries, 2 chargers, and a phone that works like new and looks virtually new.  I am very pleased with the merchandise; especially that the headset jack works where my original phone&apos;s was completely inoperable from excessive use.  Thank you!"	1
"I had this model and it crashed in 14 months.  Wouldn&apos;t make a sound.  Not for incoming phone calls, calendar alerts,  text alerts.  Was totally useless in my opinion.  I really didn&apos;t want to get another one but since the price was so reasonable and my contract wasn&apos;t up with Verizon and I was going to have to pay retail for a phone through them plus I didn&apos;t want to have to learn how to operate a different phone, I bought it.  So far so good.  Felt like Kyocera should have replaced the other one since it wasn&apos;t very old but they wouldn&apos;t do anything."	0
"I had the winning bid and paid for the item.  The seller sent a message stating I was the winning bidder, but he couldn&apos;t sell it for the price I won it at.  What is the point of using E-bay if a seller can just back out of the sale?"	0
"I had the same phone for 4 years and loved it&apos;s size and features.the incoming sound started to be poor, so, I went to ebay and found a factory referbished. scooped it up immeditly."	1
"I had the phone for approximately 1 week before having problems with it..  It instantly shuts off 15-20 times a day even with a full charge.. It also shuts off instantly when using the flash on the camera set to auto.. However, It shuts off constantly even when not using the flash.. I researched the LG G4 and found 100's and 100's of other people with the same trouble.  It turns out that about 20% of all people with the LG G4 are having serious and the SAME problem.. LG does offer a free repair service IF you bought it from them (meaning NON-Carrier branded) - However if you bought it from a 3rd party or got it from your Carrier you have to go through them to have it fixed.  Note:  This is an GREAT and totally amazing phone IF you are of the other 80% that didn't get a bad phone.  It LOVE it.. But hate the issue.. I am currently trying to have it resolved.. But it is not an easy task, at least not yet..."	0
"I had the phone 3 weeks and the charger port broke. I was very careful with the phone because I know how fragile they can be.  Now I have no phone, and I am out $75 ! Thanks for the crappy product !"	0
"I had really wanted a good quality phone that did not require Android or iOS. I am familiar with Sailfish OS and so wanted to get a phone with it and since the ""Jolla"" phone is no longer available I was willing. The phone itself is very disappointing, just totally cheap plastic, I could have lived with that and yet it came programmed with Indian which could not be suppressed AND they claim it is a 4G phone when neither of my carriers  AT&T nor Ultra-Mobile could connect to it. Stay away and wair until there is a descent alternative made for this market."	0
"I had really high hopes for this phone, as I utilize Windows in many other parts of my life, but it just doesn't live up to expectations. The first thing that you will likely notice is that the spelling auto-correct just doesn't work. When I first switched from an iPhone to this phone I would frequently type oykk instead of pull, and it NEVER fixes it. The second most annoying thing about this phone is that, when the battery decides to charge, it takes an excessively long time. And it tells you that the phone is charging slow. What good is that notice, when I have the device plugged in to the OEM charger? Ridiculous.   There are no apps for this phone, the internal controls are atrocious, and the battery life is awful. Please don't buy this phone."	0
"I had questions and they got back to me right away, will do buisness with them again for sure. I sent a few messages and they got back to me quickly and were more then willing to make sure I was satisfied with the phone."	1
"I had problems with this phone mostly due to software issues and updates that either have not or could not have been considered, When I Contacted the seller they did respond immediatly and tried to help so I have no issues with them I believe they acted n good faith all the way. The phone just turns out to be not a good idea"	1
"I had payed for this phone, but NEVER received the phone nor the money that i had used to pay for this item."	0
I had ordered this phone I never received i want to know what going on Because this is not the first time I use eBay why the phone now here yet.	0
"I had ordered this phone for my husband because he didn&apos;t like the iphone 5s I bought him. Now he hates this phone because apparently it isn&apos;t a NEW phone, it has some sort of virus and will not let him view vidoes. I guess you get what you pay for!"	0
"I had my phone for two years now n it gas did,miracles for me I still have my phone til this day.."	1
"i had many different phones over the past couple of years . my worst experience was with phones made in china. maybe the bios was bad. it only showed 3g. maybe the phone needed to be set up, i don't know poor sound , people constantly saying what did you say. can;t hear you. no volume / poor ring tones . when i bought my new phone a couple days ago . i bought a samsung galaxy s 3  . now i  am  with cricket , very loud  . maybe i can sell this one cheap to recover losses. don;t know who to take it to ,maybe send  it to china"	0
"I HAD LOST MY PHONE TWO WEEKS AGO , AND BOUGHT AN OTHER TRACFONE,AND IT TURNED OUT TO BE A CHINESE DUD, BESIDES IT WAS MADE IN CHINA BY ZTE ,THE ELECTRONICS COMPANY IN COMMUNIST CHINA THAT IS HACKING OUR GOVERNMENT COMPUTERS ,AND TRUMP IS HELPING THEM STAY IN BUISNESS ,SO HIS DAUGHTER CAN GET GOOD FAVOR FROM CHINA, SO I BOUGHT THIS LG PHONE AND AM SO HAPPY WITH IT , I WOULD SAY TO ANY ONE LOOKING FOR THIS TYPE FLIP PHONE ,GET THIS MODLE , BEST EVER , THANK YOU E BAY !!!!"	1
"I had initially endorsed this phone as simple but adequate.  I have now had three, and they are JUNK!!  Do NOT buy this phone!!    I thought it was due to my habit of dropping the phones that caused them to break.  Where the phone flips open/closed, the plastic will first develop cracks and then completely pull apart as you simply USE it.  After the first phone, I vowed to take good care of phone #2, but it also cracked.  I thought it was because I had replaced the cover on #2 with a decorative cover, so I naively got phone #3.    With #3, I put a Body Glove on it and haven&apos;t dropped it all all.  Same crack, same place, and now I cannot even open my phone.  I have it taped together until I can get a replacement.    For what it&apos;s worth, I have a friend who has had two, and hers failed exactly the same way and in the same place.  Do NOT buy this phone!!    If anyone from Kyocera reads this, &quot;You&apos;ve got some splaining to do!&quot;"	0
"I had HTC M7 for 2 years, and he was excellent ! Bought this one and not the M9 because of the speakers and that the device is smaller, With almost the same CPU/ram/GPU like the  new devices on market."	1
I had get my girlfriend one lol 	1
"I had galaxies 1-5 and when they released version 6 where they took away the removable battery, water proofing and external SD card support I said no more Samsung and went to LG (for G4, G5 and G6). When I failed to get my hands on  LG G7 after more than a month of trying I researched the S9+ and figured I'd give Samsung a try again. Had it for less than a week but very pleased with it so fair and excited by all the positive changes to the Samsung UI (touchwiz)."	1
"I had figured that with an almost six inch screen that it would be almost as big as the z981 that it replaced. wrong.     Also, when I got it, would not stay on for more than 20 sec. Corrected that with a factory reset, but lost my transferred data.   The second camera is worthless in practice.  Sar your money and buy the cheapest moto g6 which has a much bigger battery."	0
i had bougt one from this seller so i dont need this from this seller thanks. so the phone is nice but i have one.	1
"I had bought two new wine 3 phones, and I had a problem trying to keep the batteries charged. This was the only one that worked as it should. Not sure what the problem was with the others, as been new they just wouldn't hold charge at all. Possible factory problems !  Wouldn't recommend buying one unless you check them out very good."	1
"i had bought many times and every things it&apos;s okay, but my 2 last bought i don&apos;t recived the items, maybe the sellers are from china, i don&apos;t know what happen, i paid with paypal and never seen my money back, what can i do about this?"	0
"I had an S2 before purchasing this one and after this I&apos;m going to go with the Samsung Galaxy Note series. In my opinion you just plain can not go wrong with a Samsung Galaxy series phone of any kind. They are the best! It is very simple to use, it is user friendly. I like the fact that you were able to do the split screen on it. Having 32 GB is also awesome. the only thing on this phone that I felt could have used some improvement was the camera and it&apos;s my understanding that they have made amazing changes in the latest versions of this phone."	1
I had an issue with my PayPal account reached out to him asap and he didn't want to hear it. I always buy prompt as soon as auction is done but in this case I couldn't .. I reached out in approximately one minute after seller wouldn't cancel so it sat in my cart for a week or more when all he had to do was understand and cancel as a courtesy. Will never ever buy from him ever! 	0
"I had always been an Android user, can't believe how much I like the features of the iPhone. I am glad I changed so I can stay in touch with my family more through.. Find friends and FaceTime."	1
I had a very bad experience with this seller because the phone he sold to me is in very poor condition so he does not put the original picture of the phone the Fon is dodo hit the camera is broken and he told me that he broke the buttons almost not respond with time the phone is not very good at that price also return the phone and did not return my full money just because the charger was not the original I charge 39 dollars I do not recommend buying from this seller 	0
"I had a straighttalk phone before this one for four years. I really liked the phone, so I decided to do an upgrade with the slider phone. It turns out that it is the worst phone I have ever had. I will be needing to have the phone replaced already. The battery life is horrible!!!!! It hardly keeps the charge. If I&apos;m texting someone, I originally had to charge it up to 6 times a day. When I&apos;m talking on the phone if I don&apos;t have it plugged in, it turns off. I actually bought a back up which I used that battery &amp; charger since my first one quit working. I already need to get the whole phone replaced. I will probably be going to Verizon without a contract next. I have always sworn by straighttalk, but not anymore. Very disappointed with this phone."	0
"I had a sony Xperia zultra that I broke while loading furniture that worked great for years, so I decided to replace it with the same model. But this one was no where near as good android did not go higher than 4.4 my old one was 5.,1.1, the battery on this one didn't last half as long as my old one did,  looks almost like these units are factory  rejects.  "	0
I HAD A SAME MOBILE PHONE BUT I LOST IT SO I BOUGHT THE SAME ONE.  IT IS A LITTLE DIFFICULT TO USE IT BUT I JUST LOVE IT	1
I had a problem with the postal service and they stepped up and handled it quickly.  I'd recommend them and gladly would make a purchase fro them ahain6m	1
I had a phone just like this for years and the hinge broke. I liked it so well I purchased this one to replace it with. I just want a telephone.	1
i had a month prior. to this purchase. i have an tmobile sim/ data only plan. great price!!! n my last rogue broke... dropped while running my dogs!!! but so..this rogue here... needed  the battery n back cover.. yep..my old broken...lived for as a parts donor!!!   thank you!!!	1
I had a galaxy s6 s7 and s8 active the battery is not comparable to my previous phones 	0
"I had a galaxy S3 whose charger port wore out...but very happy to get the same model again, as it does everything i need it to do, plus more.  The seller delivered superfast!"	1
"I had a Galaxy J7 before that was the same price and it blew the LG out of the water. Battery lasted twice as long, it was faster, and it was more reliable. The only 2 things missing were the metal body and screen protector. "	0
I had a few issues with the charger and they IMMEDIATELY addressed them! You can definitely be confident in your purchases with them! Wonderful and caring customer service. All around a GREAT experience!	1
I had a Droid Eris before this phone and I have been very disappointed with the Merge. It constantly crashes whenever exiting out of a game or app and has this weird issue where in the texting screen it will randomly scroll upwards for no reason. The grey on the back of the case rubbed off in spots where I guess it kept getting worn from being in my pants pockets. I&apos;ve talked to other Merge users and they have the same problems. I would never recommend this phone to anyone.	0
I had a bad battery so I sent my phone back over a month ago and have not received another one. I have emailed time after time with no replies.	0
I had 5c I loved but froze and purchased this. I love fingerprint I.d to log on and for purchases. Small phone great  ease of use. Apps easy to install and use. Compact not to large and fits in pocket. Straighttalk has best service I tried them all it has never let me down. There are a few places such as basements and riding IN mountains you don't have service. But I get service riding all highways most back roads and I can't express how much I love straight talk. I use a lot of work do hot spots to save on my data usage as I only have the up to 2g plan at the moment. Unlimited talk text and 2g of data. When I purchased my 5c last year I paid $600 for it so to upgrade to 5s for a lot less what a deal. I love iPhones and prefer them to android . 	1
"I guess you get what you pay for. I had always heard great things about Blackberry phones, but this phone is anything besides great...I have only had it 1 week and it freezes up basically every time I use it. The internet is sluggish and music playback on Pandora and Iheart Radio is terrible (I use it at work and NEVER had a problem with my Epic) Sometimes for a while. Not a good thing if there was an emergency. If you need a cheap, non reliable phone I guess it is the way to go. I am definitely sending this back for refund. It turned me away from blackberrys for good now :("	0
I guess I will work just can't get it to hold charge over 15 or 20 minutes can't even get contacts on it before it goes dead but they never said it would hold charge it the ad never thought to ask like. Can't get a small me cad cause it won't hold charge for me to go get one 	0
I got what i paid for..............................................................................................	1
"I got what I paid for and more, the phone was in perfect condition. Neatly packaged with screen protector and additional case, headphones and charger. Best purchase I have made on E-bay."	1
I got two phones from this seller and one of the phone is a demo from Sprint meaning I won't be able to update to new software. The other phone is good and don't get me wrong the essential phone is amazing. Is a shame that I won't be able to update and the seller need to pay attention on the details about the product.	0
I got tricked thinking I was buying a phone and I receive was a screen with no box attached to out literally a piece of s*@! From this seller do not ever buy from this seller	0
"I got thjis phone in 2003 as a really, really, really big phone event. I think this was the droid of the 2003 era. Verizon&apos;s  FIRST camera phone- and it was a big wow back then. I got it wet 4 or 5 times and it continued to work as it should have and i really really really enjoyed it. I got the a670 i think as my next phone and let me tell you it was nothing but a let down of a phone. so let me just say go get this. it will be a good phone if you still like those old phones."	1
"I got this pixel for the camera, but the camera causes all sorts of bugs. When I take a few pictures at a time, it messes up the screen - so far it's reversed the colors, flipped the screen (so all the words and numbers are a mirror images), turned the screen off so it's just black, and caused lines and snowed out images. And when I try to screenshot the issues to report them, the screen shots show nothing wrong after I restart the phone - the issue is fixed and the screenshots are normal.  It's disappointing because the phone appeared to be in good shape when I got it. I'm going to have to switch back to my old phone now. I would not recommend buying this."	0
"I got this phone to root it and play games. This phone is way better than I imagined, and the price is really good, as well. "	1
"I got this phone to replace my LG G4 that started shutting down for no reason.  The LG K20 has a lot of great features and is moderately priced.  I'm very happy with it. The battery seems to last forever, even though I use the phone a great deal throughout the day.  The I'm online and screen is lit for long hours yet the phone never needs a charge until I get home at night."	1
I got this phone not knowing it was from over seas. I have had a hard time using it and I will not get this kind of cellphone again.	0
"I got this phone in nice condition and everything worked fine except, it wasn't unlocked. So pretty much a $280 iPod. Definitely not what I wanted. "	0
I got this phone in and it turned on and was unlocked however when i went to charge it ....the cell phone would not allow the charger to plug in and charge....the seller does not accept refunds....but this phone does not work for i can not charge it.....i also bought a car charger just to see if it would work and it wouldnt.....    thanks	0
"I got this phone from a friend and while it was ok, it didnt work that well at all. it never came on the right way, if it ever turned on at all. Probably because of old phone age. The battery looked like a battery battery and was not lithium. I understand it was made for durability but REALLY?"	0
I got this phone for my grandmother. And insert Sim card but won't connect to service. We tried for 4hrs still nothing 	0
I got this phone for a parent who was not comfortable with a smart phone   they are very happy with it	1
"I got this phone for a little bit to use from a family friend. So I used it for about a week, and I have my review ready.    When I got this phone I was like WOW! I have been using the iPhone for 4 Months now, and also use a Jest by Pantech, but I was going to give this one a little spin, and see how good of a phone it is. It seriously is REALLY close to the iPhone. It has it&apos;s own version of coverflow when the phone is tilted, has the proximity sensor so you don&apos;t press buttons with your cheek when your talking to someone. The music player looks somewhat iPhone like. But I like that the iPhone has wifi which this doesnt.    Cons:  REQUIRED data plan for 9.99-15.99  The FM radio requires a headset, as the headphones act as an antenna for the radio  Screen scratches a little too easily, which is also a complaint I&apos;ve found with the Jest too    I also like that they included an extra back. So there&apos;s two colors to choose from. I also like the idea of the USB charger. Because then you don&apos;t have to buy additional software/accessories to sync music. I was impressed by this phone when I used it, but it has a 4.5 because of a couple of the cons.    As for another PRO I didn&apos;t mention but now am, is that the battery life is really good. It is MUCH better then my iPhone, and the battery can be removed for replacement if it happens to go bad. It runs on 3G so the data is incredibly fast. So is my iPhone so not much of a comparison there. Overall if you buy you will love, oh and after i wrote this i got one and loved it, and also data pak can be blocked. also heres my other review because later i bought it.    Chocolate touch, good phone    I got this phone in december of 2010. I really loved the phone and liked all of the features that it had to offer, although I had to replace the battery 1 time because charge had really stunk all of a sudden. I owned it for 5 months before I got an env2. And my dad used it for about 3 of the 5 since I had tested a different phone inbetween.    This phone comes in the package with USB/CHARGER and battery with two battery doors. If you are into purple/girl then switch to the purple. Even though I&apos;m a boy, the black one snapped in the corner because of a big fall, and I used the purple.    This phone takes a beating. Got lightly wet, and kept working, was dropped maybe like 10000000 times had marks on it (cept for screen as ZAGG was used) the phone performs still as new. Oh and I had Verizon, not alltel, Just wanted to up the rating of it a bit, as well I feel that it getting a 1. star rating really was something it didn&apos;t really deserve.    Although, it did have one teeny con with me, was that the proximity sensor sometimes would still stay activated when I needed to punch in voicemail codes, leading to a strenuous entry of hitting the unlock key waiting for the screen to illuminate. I suppose a SW upgrade could fix these issues. IT WORKED excellently for what I used this phone for, just stopped using it as I found something I liked better, as with just having on screen keyboard it tends to tire you out from using a physical. The switch of keyboards by the way wasn&apos;t that hard, so if you are using an actual qwerty, hop on this phone and it will work the same as before, just onscreen.    If you have read thus far, you&apos;ll know I loved it, and so you might buy it."	1
"I got this phone for a friend who was looking for a good android smart phone but unwilling to break the $250 mark. This phone gives you all of what you would get with much more expensive phones at a very great price point. The screen is large, the phone is really light and thin. Despite the large screen you can still easily hold it in one hand to use.  Touch response is good. All in all a great product I would easily buy again for someone without heavy processing needs or a need for too much storage which one can get around by using online drive storage."	1
I got this phone cause I love the feature it had and the technologyon it.what I like about this phone is that its really upgraded with everything and theirs nothing I don&apos;t like about it. This product has the best apps like rhapsody and other better high quality apps in the market.	1
"I got this phn yesterday but the touch is not working properly ,battery life isnt too long"	0
"I got this item because it was supposed to have an unlockable bootloader.  Not true.  Even though it was the H815 model, LG said it was the wrong variant so I was forced to use the bloated stock rom.  So I gave it to my kid to use.  It then died within a couple of weeks.  Motherboard issue.  Unfixable according to the local repair shop.  A total waste of time and money.  I will never buy an LG phone again."	0
I got this for my husbands birthday and as his first smartphone.  He has big hand and fingers so the keyboard on this is too small for him.  What he really hates about this is the battery life. According to him he was charged in the morning and didn't use his phone and when he got ready to come home from work it was dead. I think I will give him my moto x pure edition and see how he does.	0
I got this for $192.00 to find it is a rip off they keep sending me the tracker for the package and it says it was delivered but I did not get it don't my it's a rip off!!!!!	0
"I got this as an upgrade when I resigned for another contract. I found it more complicated to use for daily functions such as texting and pulling up contact info. The phone it replaced was a samsung slider phone, which though not a smart phone, was far superior to use and much better made. The screen was overly sensative at times, and yet was very difficult to accept an incoming call when trying  to unlock. Battery life is greatly reduced when on line to the point of needing your charger handy because it won&apos;t be long... A very frustrating problem was the keypad opperation. Most times it won&apos;t stay on screen long enough to input your selection for inputting codes or menu selections and you&apos;d have to shake the phone to get the screen to come back on. This would happen after a second or two and could not be compensated for by going into the settings mode to try to solve. The problem was intermiten and would often result in losing the call due to lack of input. Unfortunatly, mine suffered a fall from table top  level and broke into 3 pieces while hitting a carpeted floor. There were no protective rubber covers or holders for this phone available when I got it so I had no way to protect it. Everyone has dropped their phone at one time or another and I have never had any phone break from any fall or impact untill now. In short, a fragile, frustrating phone to use for basic daily functions with a fairly hefty price tag."	0
I got this and thought that it comes with a back but it didn&apos;t and I returned it but never got my money back so DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM THEM.....	0
I got the two phones pretty fast..but one would not turn on ..it would get to the LG page and freeze..but not go past that and actually power on. The other phone did not have a sim card..so that was a headache trying to get aside from activating my phones. I contacted the seller as soon as the first phone froze up..i waited a few days and they never responded..for the price of the phones..the conditions were pretty bad on both..i wanted to return them and i contacted them a second time...still no response. So now...I'm keeping these pieces of garbage but everyone everyone should know  they don't deserve more business if they cant even respond to a message!.. 	0
"I got the phone quickly, and in the exact condition as listed! Had no problems activating it!! I would recommend this seller to everyone that wants a great phone at a great price!!"	1
I got the phone for my son for Christmas.. He really likes this phone.. He wanted a razor phone so I got this one off ebay... thank you so  much	1
"I got the phone for a friend.as for my opinion it was in very good shape. it didnot look used.if i should need a phone i would order from you,and i will tell my friends about you."	1
I got the phone early in time before I leave the country and its good condition	1
I got the phone And the battery drained within hours and turned off at 50%...	0
"I got the phone and it appeared to be brand new or in a refubished state. The battery was obvioiusly used, but it worked fine. I just got a new motorola Razr and the LG was a great temporary phone. I would suggest this phone to anyone looking for a simple good working, cheap, retro(B&amp;W screen) phone or for temporary use like what I used it for. It&apos;s a good phone and I believe it will sell well when I put it up."	1
I got the cellphone very quick and it was in perfect condition as the seller said it was.  I made a good choice.	1
"I got the box, manual, phone and charger! Great price! I don&apos;t have to pay a restocking fee, etc. to Verizon and I didn&apos;t have to wait for an upgrade! Awesome deal!"	1
"I got some of this phone from my business partner, and it's still working good with me over 5 months."	1
I got scammed. Call me immediately . 9189048930.	0
I got phone today..took it to verizon to activate...they said it was new and clean as you promised...I can add any plan with no contract..so far it is working fine...I hope it stays that way..  Thank you for being honest in the way you presented the phone and especially the carrier and whether it it unlocked or not....I will buy from you again...  Thanks so much..	1
I got one which do not work	0
i got nothing to say about the phone. everything is great on phone look nice.....................................................................................................................	1
I got my order and opened it excitedly but dissapointed for what i found out that there is a like watermark on the middle of the screen ang digitizer not properly sticked on the phone. 	0
I got my new phone very quickly and customer service was great. It works like a charm! Thank you so so so much!	1
I got my new phone fast and they where whery nice 	1
I got my money back because I was not at all pleased with the product.  The product should have been pink but instead it was Two different colors and just plain dirty.	0
I got my money back and they received the  item 	0
"I got mine for $120 new, at that price point alone and looking at the market, there are not many phones to get, let alone compare to it, spec for spec.  The 3gb of ram and 32gb internal is not seen well into the $200 and above typically, and the camera while not class leading like it could and should have been, produces for me some very satisfying photos that beats ANYTHING in the sub $200 (Minus the Moto G5 Plus Amazon), here is a short run down of this phone:  Screen: I like the 5"" size and the IPS colors on it, really pops out and adequately bright.  Performance: This is no Galaxy S7 but this is snappy for daily tasks and just noticeable in more heavy tasks, I will not call this phone slow.  The 3gb ram ensures most if not all things remain open.  Battery life:  I saw many reviewers talk of ""abyssal"" performance but I can't think but good things about it, I can safely get 4 hours of screen on time under moderate to heavy tasks and if on average use, I can hit two days.  This to me is more than enough.  Camera: The big selling and focus point of this phone, it is no Galaxy S7, or iphone7, but this is still capable of great shots, my experience with video recording has not been too impressive, I say average, but the pictures can turn out good, and with some editing apps like Ado"	1
"I got it for my Verizon phone,  I fixed my Verizon phone I used the parts for it and it worked out awesome!"	1
i got it cause my phone broke and att would not do anything about it and this phone sounded great and i wanted it. the seller kept in contact and was helpful at answering all that i wanted to know. i love my phone. shipped very quickly.	1
"I got it as a Christmas gift for my buddy, and he LOVES it! A+++++   It came in a very good condition, he got it hooked up to his phone right away and it was at a very good price for me. This was the best gift I&apos;ve given to anyone."	1
"i got it ...thanks i have not use it yet.  I hope he will like it, his old phone was malfunctioning."	1
I got an excellent deal and the phone was exactly as promised! This is a seller you can trust!	1
I got an evo shift from a friend and found someone to flash it for me for about $150 + my old phone and I love it. It&apos;s so fast! I love my evo shift on boost. Highly recommend it.	1
"I got a very scratched phone, upon asking the seller for help with replacing a ""brand new"" broken up screen phone the seller did not reply to me,I waited and prayed I would get a response but nope nothing...I'm beyond upset I paid so much for a pre broken phone.My recommendation is to just save your time and money for a different seller unless you love getting junk."	0
"I got a phone with a very bad connection, the dust under the screen, and then another, and half the buttons stopped working, throwing good money after bad. Before you buy another one this phone a good think about it."	0
I got a LG mobile in june and it stated that it had 1 year warranty .I'm having trouble with the reception and can't make or receive calls so I have constantly been emailing  the seller but they just won't  reply back and I'm now left without a mobile.. I got this mobile thinking it has 1 year guarantee but it's not. It's same with his other things they are selling they are not covered for 1 year!!!!	0
I got a good price on this phone but thought it would be easy to unlock the phone being the main selling point was clean IMEI but I was mistaken there. I also do not like the sim card holder and permanent battery and almost and only 4gig of internal storage the system uses the remainder of 8gig total.. I can say if I was looking for a reasonable priced phone I would stay clear of this model.	0
"I got a defective product unlike what I ordered. after back to Samsung technical support they told me the black dots in LCD screen it is not normal and 80% the LCD not original and asked to open it to check about LCD and make sure but I refused it. The seller responded was will file a claim with USPS. and after two weeks of waiting to inform me about any update, there was no any response. so I realize the reply just to finished return period time.  But I seem like I was A fool from the beginning for waiting and think the black dots are normal, but they not respect the customer they stealing my money and sale me defect product and refused to any claim or return it also waste clearance and custom&VAT for defect mobile. Kindly check the photos. "	0
"I got a defective product first and then got a replacement phone this one works really good,  customer service"	1
"I go through several phone covers per phone. This looks sturdy and robust. Since my phone is new, the covers are expensive. $13 is too high for me."	1
"I give it a 5 star because it works good it's just to small for me because I can't see small words , letters  and numbers"	1
I get this phone a mounth after my order.  1st it didn&apos;t work so i have to take it to the lab. they replace the battarey.  After that the phone didn&apos;t hook with my cell spoplier!  it&apos;s tourned up that the IMEI of the phone is Fake!!!!!!!! it&apos;s a stolen phone wiche repair and sold to me.  i asked for refound and send back the fohone to the supplier.    all of this cost me ~60USD	0
I get the product without the screen protector.    The top range of the letters donht work . I have to send back the product and I will be without phone 3 weeks	0
I gess im stock with a nather bout pese of chit cell. Aging. Thats it for. On ling. Cell bying. For me i think	0
I gave it away and bought a different phone	0
"I gave good feedback but the phone wasn&apos;t turned off, so I contacted the seller to ask her to call cricket to turn it off so it can be used again. I don&apos;t know I&apos;d it worked I sold it on eBay to someone else. I did go to cricket and bought a new phone."	0
"I fully expected it to be slow, what I didn't expect was to have to take it apart and modify the antenna right out of the box to get any signal or for it to be loaded with firmware from a hisense smart tv or to be preloaded with malware. It is seriously the worst phone ive ever oned. "	0
"I found this phone to have a very slow operating system, battery ran down daily with very little use.  Connect to Wifi and Bluetooth were good but screen response while navigating on sites was very slow.  I bought two phones to use while traveling and both of them have ended up in the trash."	0
"I found the easy to use and very nice looking.  Features are great. Pictures look good.  Great battery, lasts all day. Texting is good too."	1
"I fought with a samsung galaxy s7 for a year and could never get the default samsung apps working the way I wanted. The battery life was atrocious and despite many attempts including factory resets I was never able to resolve the problem. This LG immediately solved all those problems. I've had the phone for a few weeks and the battery life is at least double the samsung, if not more."	1
I for the cell phone on time and it works perfectly. I got it cheaper than any market and the phone is almost new.	1
"i first had the Kyocera rise as my introduction to smart phones and I always wanted a galaxy but I didn&apos;t think it was as simple as my plain Kyocera. well I finally decided to switch and I&apos;m glad I did because this is a great phone and simple to use with lots of great and beneficial features. the only one thing I do not like about this phone is the battery life, which I kind of my fault because I been downloading so many great apps. the screen is nice, clear, and big. it just a great phone overall and if you want simple and something new then this is the perfect phone for you!!"	1
i first bought the htc dash for my girlfriend as a [resent for valentines day and she really liked it and i got drawn into it. i decided to buy myself one and i got this for a really good price. thanks!	1
I find this pho e very inconvenient to use.  It takes several steps to do what my other phones have do e in one or two.  It does not always record missed calls. I miss the flashlight and ICE from my other phone.  Battery time OK. As soon as I can afford it I shall replace this phone with a Nokia or Doro. It is the worstlhone I've ever had.	0
"I find the phone is excellent, backs up well to my Google account. Battery life is great. I've found a factory reset periodically helps the phone to run cooler. I switched from iPhone & wouldn't switch back. I don't know how apple can charge so much for a phone when there are such good reasonably priced alternatives out there."	1
"I finally got the phone, it went to a neighbor then I finally got it.  I tried setting it up and IT IS NOT Unlocked. So now I have to go to Verizon to get it done "	0
"I finally changed my 3 year old E71 for this. And I was very dissapointed.     The E73 is faster, but not compatible with Skype!, lower build quality than E71, and e-mail retrieve performs badly.    Seems that I&apos;ll have to stop being a Nokia Client..."	0
I feel that iPhone 6S plus was made right for me .  Very happy to ha one.   	1
I feel like the price is to deep. I went to this website at yorbin (dot) com almost like eBay but better with good prices and they don't take money away when you sell. Anyway I bought my Iphone there in the electronic section. Good place. To expensive here.	0
"I expected more from this phone, the battery is really bad, i think the only thing good is the camera. "	0
"I expected a phone that I could use right out of the box.  Instead, I found:  1..The keys are so small I have a hard time seeing them.  2..The keya are so small I have a hard time using them.  3..The Ovi map did not work, so I went to the Tmobile store &amp; spent 2 hours with them, &amp; never got it working."	0
"I ENTERED A BID ON THE ABOVE PHONE,  THIS SELLER SHAAE44-0 CONTACTED ME OFFERED TO GIVE ME A BETTER DEAL OUTSIDE OF EBAY,  WE PROCEEDED WITH THE TRANSACTION AND THE PHONE ARRIVED,  HE WAS VERY INSISTANT THE ENTIRE TIME,  CONVINCED ME TO PURCHASE 2 SAMSUNG FRONTIERS S3'S ALSO,  I CHECKED THE PHONE AND NOTICED IT WAS A BAD FAKE IMMEDIATELY!!!  STILL WAITING ON THE WATCHES TO ARRIVE!!!  OVER ALL HE ROBBED ME FOR $1000 AND OPERATES A VERY LUCRATIVE SCAM RIGHT FROM EBAY!!!  PLEASE BE ADVISED,  THIS JUST OCCURRED ON MARCH 4TH  AND MARCH 5TH!!!   I HAVE HAD TO CONTACT EBAY,  PAYPAL,  MY BANK,  AND THE FBI DEPT IN HIS NEW JERSEY AREA TO REPORT HIS ONLINE SCAM ON EBAY!!!   I WILL CONTACT THE POLICE FROM HIS AREA TOMORROW TO REPERT HIS THEFT TOMORROW AS WELL!!!    ""REMEMBER AND BE MOST CAUTIOUS PROCEEDING AND DOING ANY TRANSACTION WITH THIS SELLER AS HE HIS SELLING AND PUSHING KNOCK-OFF FAKES INSTEAD OF THE REAL DEAL""!!!   PROCEED WITH MUCH CAUTION OR TOTALLY AVOID AT ALL COST!!!   ""NOT A TRUSTWORTHY SELLER AT ALL""!!!  I WILL KEPP YOU ALL POSTED!!!!   ""BEWARE OF SCAMS""!!!!!"	0
I enjoy using my phone more because the 6 in display is easier to use. holds charge well. newer version of android easier to use. Love the phone for the price. 	1
I enjoy this phone a lot but the battery is a little messed up ... i ended up buyin replacements. Other than that i love it.	1
I enjoy this phone a lot	1
I enjoy the phone but low battery life. I don't regret it at all 	1
I ended up returning this phone. I liked the design of the phone. But the features are really outdated compared to the phones that are out on the market now. I would get something a little newer instead of paying for this phone.	0
"I emailed to confirm that the phone was Sprint compatible.I was assured it was. It was not, in fact it was AT&T compatible. I had already sent a stolen phone back to a different vendor and needed this phone for work.  I switched to AT&T because I needed to work. My wife is still on Sprint, I had been with them for years. I would have liked for us to remain on that network together.  Very disappointed. Would not order from this vendor again, especially after double checking."	0
"i em bery happy with this pradoct.it has tv, radio,cell phone,wifi,musice,fotos,voice recorder,games and olat more you name it i loved."	1
I dropped my Samsung Galaxy Note 5 in our pool and was devastated.  I loved that phone and went looking for one just like it.  The phone I purchased was just as it was advertised.  Would bid on items this company posts again without hesitation.  	1
"i doubt it&apos;s a real nokia.. poorly built, and not working phone. returned it after receiving. maybe it was just my unit, or maybe not. customer service was okay though."	0
I doubt anyone with an intellect like his can even fix a phone.	0
I don't write reviews. But this product wasn't  what I ordered. I wont be doing business with them again.	0
"I dont think Ill advise anyone to buy. The phone goes off and on on its own. I mean you could just be using the phone and in the next minute, it goes off and come back on again just like that. Sometimes in the middle of a phone call even. Also while charging. "	0
I don't see the battery I was thinking it was inside the phone went I put SIM card found out no  battery  	0
"I don't require much of a phone. I don't play games, etc....  This is a gorgeous phone with dual Sims and a nice form. HOWEVER...  It will barely run with only 3 tabs open. The screen is extremely frustrating, refusing to move at times, and then suddenly scrolling 20 pages at lightning speed. This phone will no doubt anger you if you are used to anything over 50 bucks.  Don't buy for the look. You get what you pay for...  This phone has an ""amazing quad core processor"" but the memory is severely underpowered and dated.  Maybe adequate 8 years ago. "	0
"I dont recomend this seller, they sold me a not working phone. Not even when i change the battery. Ee will never going to buy something from this page it sucks! You have to stop selling used items! Beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!"	0
I don't received the product until now.	0
I dont receive this product  	0
"I dont like this phone at all, so I am very glad it was cheep! No speakerphone, and texting is cumbersome."	0
i don't like this item because in this item are many issue.	0
I don't like the phone it wasn't the phone I was texting because I thought it was the 4G not the four GC I'm not really too happy about it so I'm sorry to give you a feedback a phone that I'm not too happy about because it wasn't the one I was specting for on the picture that I order the phone	0
I don't like it I really regret I buy it..when someone call they can't hear me well..	0
i dont like it cz the information about the phone not same what the seller mention........the headseat sound so down and the ring tone its not good at all it have problem ...i wana return it.plz	0
"I don't like anything about the phone, does not even use universal charger.  Please send me a link to return it.  Thanks."	0
I DONT KNOW WHY EVERYONE IS COMPLAINING ABOUT THIS PHONE.I&apos;VE HAD MINE FOR LIKE 9 MONTHS AND IT STILL WORKS GREAT.ITS LIGHTWEIGHT BUT FEELS STURDY.AND IF YOU DROP YOUR PHONE ALOT THEN BUY A CUTE COVER LIKE I DID.I WOULD DEFINITELY RECOMEND IT.	1
"I don't know what the deal is. I don't know if I got a defective phone or what. It is very slow, doesn't respond most of the time, there is a delay with the caller id when the phone rings (it takes about 10 seconds to show up), for calls and texts sometimes it is the number that shows instead of the name, battery has to be charged twice a day, and when watching a video on youtube or facebook it doesn't play right. The video will play a second and then stop, play a second and then stop. I am doing this on my laptop cause my phone was acting up while I was trying to do this on there. And also, when you restart the phone, any shortcut on the main screen disappears. Had to buy another phone as this one doesn't have all the settings needed for it to work properly with AT&T. Kept dropping my cell service "	0
I don't know what is in box and u could be sending me any kind of phone..  This looks like something fishy	0
"I don't know what a small form factor is.  Anyway it is a great phone, great customer service, for me Ebay is for phones!  What a great value, I couldn't be more pleased with my phone purchases from Ebay!"	1
I don't know if I got my order I could tell you.	0
I dont know how I got along without it! 	1
I don't have the phone cause I put the wrong address my address was 42 petition ln de magnolia	0
"I don't have it,I never get it you guys are scam, I need my money back ,I have already report you to police "	0
I don't get my phone yet	0
I dont get my items in time spesal the last F006 item #230528294719 I dont reseave it  sorry I am stile waiting . I send email for the sailer ansere maybe i get it withen 18 days.so i have to wait ??	0
"I don't chase the most expensive tech.  I had the AXON 7 mini but drown it )-:  on the , bright side I found a good deal on its big brother the AXON 7 which has a better battery life and even better features.  Totally unlocked with Dual SIM (for travel), great speakers, great cameras, big but not too huge.  Love it!"	1
I don't   encourage people to by that phone at all.	0
i don&apos;t no how to use this phone. very hard to use. i think the battery is good but then not sure. didn&apos;t use phone to long. couldn&apos;t figure it out.	0
"I don&apos;t like this phone.  It is hard to hear both the ring and the voice even on the loudest setting. The buttons are very small, hard to push and see.  Maybe the newer versions are better but this one is not user friendly at all.  I bought it because it was cheap."	0
I don&apos;t like this phone because we can&apos;t use for nothing it&apos;s block by the legal owner and the Apple store and they don&apos;t want to give me a solution. Soo bad experience:( :(	0
I DON&apos;T LIKE THE PHONE IT DON&apos;T SHOW A WINDOW WHEN SOMEONE CALLS YOU I WILL NEVER BUY THIS AGAIN I THOUGHT IT WAS A PREPAID CELL PHONE	0
"I don&apos;t Like the phone because the marketplace in the phone does not work and the you tube does not play videos. i regret buying this phone.  I bought this phone to enjoy music videos,apps etc."	0
"i don&apos;t like it, everything is good, but i cannot used at cingular. i am really upset. don&apos;t buy this phone if you have cingular service"	0
I don&apos;t like dis phone because it keep cutting off on me for one...  And it is not a u.s cellular phone! They lied and said that it was  And it wasn&apos;t...they got a sticker on the REAL NAME OF THE PHONE....  AND GUESS WHAT KIND OF PHONE IT IS... SPRINT PHONE LOL...I WOULD  NEVER DO THAT TO ANY BODY THAT&apos;S MESS UP!!....  BUT I WOULD TRY ONE MORE THING ON EBAY AND IF IT DON&apos;T WORK THEN  I WOULD HAVE TO LEAVE EBAY ALONE!!	0
I don&apos;t know why im being asked for a review on a product i never received. I was directed to give the &apos;company&apos; money outside of Ebay and was then aloud to chose the product of my choice. Very confusing. Not reliable.	0
I don&apos;t know because gmel6067 sells me a broken one that he promise the was fully working.. please do something a bout it	0
"I don&apos;t know about all the other reviews, but steer clear of this hunk of junk.  I&apos;ve had it almost a year now, it&apos;s been replaced once because of the headphone port locking up the earpiece.  U.S. Cellular couldn&apos;t figure out the problem.  Next, the replacement Apex was sitting on the counter when I received a call......the phone just went crazy with a continuous, relentlessly obnoxious haptic buzz that wouldn&apos;t quit.  I drove to the U.S. Cellular store so they could see what it was doing.........they gave me a loaner to get me to March 2 (3 days from now) when I can turn in my Reward Points and get another phone.  I wanted to warn others about this phone.  To sum things up:  U.S. Cellular...GOOD! LG Apex...BAAAAAAD!  (Oh, Yeah.....this puppy just shreds batteries.  Plan on buying spares."	0
I don&apos;t even like the phone i buy. The phone is no good at all. I never buy this phone again. because the phone is touch phone. but every i touch the screen. The screen is not work or go to the different picture or stop there never move.	0
I don&amp;apos;t using this phone because as today I don&amp;apos;t received this cellular. I paid in full and I want to know what happen because I need it.  I hope for your response as soon as possible.  Thanks.	0
I don' know about Lenovo vibe	0
i do not want the phone and i am pressing charges for the 68 dollars charged to my account for this stupid phone	0
"I do not specify well the problems that he had for that reason, this seller is not trustworthy I would never buy something again"	0
"I do not remember this phone first time round. It has however, gone straight into first place on my favourites. It is up there with my n gage, and samsung d600.  The photo doesn&apos;t do it justice, it is so tiny i reality.  Sits just nice in your had when making calls or texts, fits nicely into your pocket too.    Great battery life too, which is a huge advantage over the colour screen, all seeing all doing cross phones of today.    A great phone, for anyone, as a starter or a backup."	1
I do not recommend the battery is bad has no menu to see the messages relamente was a bad investment	0
"I do not recommend buying here, the product does not work."	0
"I do not like that it is actually a Metro PCS phone, so it has metro pcs apps all through it. Yet, it says not compatible with metro... Seems to me like they are stolen and being sold..."	0
"I do not know, have not received my product! I bought on 20.07.2012 and 09.10.2012 to this day has not arrived! I tried to contact the seller, but he called me back!"	0
"i do not know yet because i had ordered  this item but i never recieve   it. it has pass two months without news about it. i have pay for it but i did not recieve it .    I sent   mail  to seller 3 times  but he did not answer. please, help me because i do not know what can i do. thank you."	0
I do not have this phone	0
I do not back up their product that's terrible devices I purchased 5 of the 6Qcell phones and they are total junk	0
I do like this phone but it is extremely slow and lags very bad....	0
"I disliked this phone because, when I got the phone it worked just fine, but then it started to die and I plugged my charger into the phone and it wouldn&apos;t charge. So now I have to find a new phone with a good charger."	0
"I disliked this phone because, when I got the phone it worked just fine, but then it started to die and I plugged my charger into the phone and it wouldn&apos;t charge. So now I have to find a new phone with a good charger."	0
I disliked this item because it had scratches all over it and i tried to activate it and they say they couldn&apos;t activate it because they never heard of Telos before.	0
I dislike this item because I never received it. My phone was stolen because the carrier left it on my porch and I was not at home. I think I deserve another phone and it should be sent through UPS.	0
"I dislike that the item did not properly work, bought it because it seemed like a good deal at the time and i needed a gsm phone to travel to europe with."	0
i dislike about it cuz i bought cell phone they sent me phone not working  i email them told sent back to them gave me money back i didnt get my money back and i contract ebay and papal they dont do anything for me	0
"I didn't want to write this... Battery charge doesn't last as long as the original. Battery gets hot. Also, the letters of the batteries serial number have wiped off just by touching them. I think I will buy new battery from local Samsung store..."	0
I didn't use the phone right away but when I did it worked great for a very short while. Then the phone died on me. I contacted the seller they said it was too late to return. I will never purchase from this seller again!	0
"I didnt received my order, and he didnt send money back. I am very disappointed! Very unserious seller! "	0
I didn't receive my phone. It must be lost before itt get to my mail box I didn't even get a note in my mail box to pickup my package from the apartment office.	0
"I didn't listen to the reviews. Figured it couldn't be that bad. Figured wrong. Memory sucks, basically everything about it does."	0
I didn't like the reviews I read so I returned it.	0
I DIDN'T KNOW IT WAS EXACTLY THE SAME PHONE I WAS REPLACING/WITH A DIFFERENT NAME !! I HAVE AN LG SUNSET THE NEW PHONE IS LG DESTINY.  THOUGHT I WAS GETTING SOME NEW IMPROVED MODEL BUT NO !	1
I didn't get this phone..	0
i didnt get the phone yet.	0
I didn't get the chance to even use it to tell more it did not work 	0
I didnt get my order still waiting my refund how long need to wait 	0
I didn't expect it to b in such a flawless condition. Best purchase on a phone so far. Thanks.              	1
I didn't buy it because it's to expensive but I imagine it is amazing. Hopefully I can get it soon. 	1
"I didn&apos;t really have any complaints on this phone. Always seemed to work. I got it becase my RAZR stopped working one day and I decided I wanted a smartphnone. It honestly performed very well. I mean technology has changed as all this used was EDGE service. It didn&apos;t have 3g and it was still fast. It was either a toss of keeping my current LG f9100 at the time or getting this, and i got this after only using the f9100 for about 1 month *(later returning to it after i got tired of data)*"	1
I didn&apos;t purchase this phone.  The one I bought is LG Optimus Dynamic Android phone.  It said it comes with 600 minutes and triple minutes benefit with Tracfone. But it isn&apos;t.	0
I didn&apos;t get the phone. Seller refunded the money after he  tested the iphone. I thought that was a new Iphone ! - After that I ordered one by Virgin mobile.	0
I didn&apos;t get the phone so u know what happen can u track me the tracking number please  so I can check in the postal service	0
"I didn&apos;t get the phone because I wanted the phone to be new and according to the purchasers ad, the phone was new and still in its original packaging.  The purchaser contacted me and told me that the box for the phone was lost and asked me if I still wanted it. I told her no. I appreciate the purchaser being honest with me about this, but if the ad says it&apos;s in its original packaging, then it should be.  Thanks"	1
I didn&apos;t buy anything. something is wrong............................................................................................	0
I didn get the Item	0
"i did&apos;nt get this item when i pay for the item,because i win in the action , i sun i win i send my paiment, but i did&apos;nt recieved, . I recived a note that tell me the item has a problem and they will refaund my money back"	0
"I did not return it because I did bot want to pay the shipping back fees but the phone was not brand new , the charger was for a alcatel phone"	0
"I did not recieve what I was promised. The phone did not work, I purched 1 phone &amp; was suposed to get 1 free, that was not the case. My phone did not work it was defective. I tried to contact seller many times to get a new phone or a refund. I was finally able to make contact I returned the phone &amp; have not heard anything since. I am very unhappy with the seller they misrepresened themselves, I believe they have done this many times and are still able to misrepresent themselves &amp; ripping people off. I hope something can be done. I still hope to have my money returned but not as of yet."	0
I did not recieve what I ordered. 	0
I did not recieve the item and Ebat still hold me accountable for it as an unpaid transaction	0
I did not receive this phone. Seller decided to refund my payment without reason. Ebay and Paypal never offered any explanation.	0
"I did not receive this item and both the seller and eBay refused to assist with rectifying this matter, it said delivered to hotel mailbox but I never received the item, we have since left the hotel and no one attempted to get to the bottom of this, doesn't the hotel have cameras to even do a small inquiry to determine what happened to this item?"	0
"I did not receive these phone yet,I will like to know what happen. If he send the phone to me or not because I make these purchase several weeks ago and with my busy schedule, I forgot to find out what happen to these purchase."	0
I DID NOT RECEIVE THE PRODUCT OR A PHONE SO THERE IS NOTHING I CA TELL ABOUT IT. I HAD A PROBLE WITH MY CARD SO DIDNT GET HELP FROM THE SELLER OF ANY OTHER WAY TO PAY FOR THE PRODUCT. THEREFORE I CANT TELL ANYTHING WITH THE PRODUCT.	0
"I did not receive it yet! In discription of item Seller said : shipping by UPS Express Mail. But I did not receive any tracking #.I think shipping by UPS Express must be very fast ??Then I asked Seleer for tracking #,he stopped any communication. So I did not receive no respond nither item."	0
I did not receive a Motorola G Plus. But the bastard did send me a Motorola Moto XG what a crook	0
"I did not realize that when the seller said phone only, he meant the bare minimum. The phone came with no battery, and no back. I had to purchase them separately. I was overall I not satisfied by the purchase"	0
I did not like the phones as they would not allow the user to accept or to make phone calls as well as messages. The screen was very hard to read and the phones themselves were definately used.	0
I did not like the phone. It barely works with the internet. I feel like I wasted my money 	0
I did not like the phone I ordered. So I sent it back to the seller immediately after receiving it. The phone was hard to use. We should have called it like a pressphone and not touchphone.	0
I did not have service at my home. I requested to see if I could return it and the seller never sent me a reply. So I have nothing good to say about it.	0
"I did not have a black phone, but a blue one. It was a pre-pay phone, which was not explained before my purchase. I had a post pay account, so I had to switch to a pre-pay account before I could use it. It also cuts off for no reason, which is a defect. The seller did not offer me a solution so that I would not be without service while awaiting a replacement, which did not please me at all. I do not recommend a phone that shuts off by itself for no reason."	0
I did not get this item sence 3 months   I buy money but i did not get it	0
I did not get the phone I order I got the zte rapido lte instead.	0
I did not buy this product	0
I did not buy this item. My ebay account was compromised. I have informed ebay and the sellers many times...now I am asked to &quot;REVIEW&quot;. What is up with this technology?    Don Anderson	0
I did not bid on or have knowledge of this item.	0
"I did get a this just because I did not wanted to buy an unknown screen replacement  just did not trust any of them, so I  got this instead and removed the perfectly working original screen for my phone and on the top of that if I happened to need anything else I have it! So yes it was a bargain ."	1
I did bid Nokia phone 6170 but when i received the phone is not woking.   Pls carefully before you buy something from this Seller. Asking him for return or exchange if items not working	0
"I did a lot of research when I was deciding on the next phone to get, which then led me to this phone. It's just as good as Samsung S6 (in my opinion), but a whole lot better priced and better camera."	1
I did a lot of research and decided that this phone was the best for the price. I wanted a phone with a battery that I could replace and this is one of the few phones that still have a replaceable battery. 	1
"I decided to get this phone because i did not have a smartphone and was ready to upgrade. I didnt want to spend too much, but wanted a good phone. This phone is fast, looks great, and has an excellent picture quality! When i am ready to upgrade i will definitely consider a newer Samsung Galaxy phone. Overall i am very pleased with my purchase and would recommend this phone to anyone looking for a good smartphone, but doesnt want to spend a few hundred dollars for one of the new ones."	1
"I decided to get the Motorola RAZR because there had been so much talk about how good the phone was, etc. I was excited to get it, but soon found myself disappointed. Battery life is horrible. It needs to sit on a charger for hours a day. The memory on the phone is also poor. The picture quality is poor. The ring tones are cool, though. It is VCast ready, but VCast isn&apos;t available in my area, and plus I don&apos;t know that I would want to pay for that service anyway. I&apos;m kind of sold on i-tunes. I don&apos;t know if the newer RAZRs have these issues, but I would definately steer clear from purchasing the RAZR V3."	0
I decided to buy this phone because Sony Ericson phones are very good and this offer was too good to ignore it.	1
i decided to buy this phone because of it&apos;s features plus it looks good. but when i received it and opened the box the phone looked little old because it had wearing signs. it wasnt good as new. now the camera turns on by itself and phone becomes unlocked by itself. it seems like the phone has malfunction problem.	0
i decided to buy this phone because of it&apos;s features plus it looks good. but when i received it and opened the box the phone looked little old because it had wearing signs. it wasnt good as new. now the camera turns on by itself and phone becomes unlocked by itself. it seems like the phone has malfunction problem.	0
"I decided to buy this phone because my current one was having reception problems and kept dropping calls. I thought it would be a good phone to get me by for the time being.. i was wrong. When I called verizon to switch my phone.. they told me a new law recently passed made the phone null and void.  It was useless because it didn&apos;t have 911 tracking capabilities. I wish I would have been told that before hand.. but without the esn # on the phone being posted, I couldn&apos;t check. The seller was very punctual though and sold the phone for a fair price, although the fact that it was unusable kind of ruined that. So my advice, don&apos;t buy an older phone model, even if its cheap."	0
I DECIDED TO BUY THIS PHONE BECAUSE MY BROTHERS PHONE BROKE. I OPENED THIS PACKAGE AND THIS PHONE IS ANCIENT AND WOULD NOT EVEN POWER ON. I ACTUALLY THREW IT AWAY!	0
I decided to buy this phone b/c we desperately needed another metro pcs phone. At first we were content w/ the product but after 3 weeks the screen went out. We ended up having to get another phone. I didnt expect this phone to last forever just longer than a few weeks	0
I decided to buy it because it was exactly what I was looking for.  I was looking for a touch screen phone that had a key pad for easy texting.	1
"i decided to buy because it was a phone i liked, it has good memory, decent camera, a radio and plays mp3.  Why i dislike it is because it turns its self during at random."	0
I decided to be this phone because I loved the quality of the blackberry. The sellers description was straight forward and the price was very reasonable.	1
I decide to buy this phone because i love all the helio phones and the things that i can do with them. I&apos;ve been with Helio for about 1 year and a half and i know how to work around the system. I don&apos;t have to call the company so they can connect my new phone that i got on ebay. I read some reviews where people say that the company can&apos;t connect your phone that you bought here on ebay. Well good news to all those people. I&apos;m here to help you with any problem you may have. Well i hope my review helps anyone trying to buy a HELIO phone	1
I decide to buy this phone because i love all the helio phones and the things that i can do with them. I&apos;ve been with Helio for about 1 year and a half and i know how to work around the system. I don&apos;t have to call the company so they can connect my new phone that i got on ebay. I read some reviews where people say that the company can&apos;t connect your phone that you bought here on ebay. Well good news to all those people. I&apos;m here to help you with any problem you may have. Well i hope my review helps anyone trying to buy a HELIO phone	1
"I decide to buy this item for my girlfriend, cos she has two SIM and had just one phone. I really liked a service - quick donation and what was I superised of was the condition - not as excellent as writen in the offer but really good. Just few scratches."	1
I couldn't use the phone because it's not compatiable with anyone this phone was a waste of money 	0
"i couldnt use it because the seller has send me other phone, i ask and bought two phones in tecnollogy gsm and the cells phones that he sent me were cdma so i couldnt use them..."	0
"I couldn't get the zoom to focus, it could be me, but the camera is why I got this old window phone"	0
I couldnt download more than one app. When the phone was turned off and turned back on the apps wouldn't open for 15+ min. Instead saying app isn't installed. This phone ended up obliterated due the frustration that came along with it. 	0
"I couldn&apos;t work the item correct,  so I returned it, and was never given a refund. after I talked to the seller and he approved me to return it....still no refund."	0
I couldn&apos;t use the product. Kept shutting off. because the product didn&apos;t work I am giving a poor review. I am sticking with my samsung galaxy and apple products. Plus after returning the product there was no communication. Never buy a refurbished product online. You get what you pay for	0
"I could not use this cell phone because you can not put a SIM card. The purchase was useless.Bad Item,"	0
"I could not pay , I recieved a message that as I am paying from a country which is in sanction payment with card is impossibale !!!  Does relly  a nokia phone is in the list of forbidden items??"	0
"I could not make the payment of that item because the seller does not accept payment by paypal accounts from outside the united states, even then I was notified as unpaid item."	0
I could not be happier. I would recommend this cell phone to anyone. I am not happy about having to leave 100 characters for this review.	1
"I could NOT BE happier with my purchase!!!! Item as described, timely shipping, "	1
"I could not activate phone, since the owner had reported phone stolen to sprint. This Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 SPH-L600, looked good and very clean but could not use it."	0
"I contacted this seller in advance to see if the Blackberry Bold 9650 that he posted on Ebay was a picture of the actual home page. The seller said yes it was. I am specifically looking for the older software version as it still syncs with Palm Desktop Software. I didnt want to waste my time as the older version is somewhat difficult to locate. I asked him if that was a picture of the actual device or just a picture off of Google Images. He told me that it was the actual device. Well I received it and it is not even close. He will do anything just to make a sale. The older software version Blackberry Bold is on the left, that is what he advertised, the actual Blackberry he sent me is on the right..."	0
"I contacted the seller 3 times but no answer, even his email not valid. I won the bid and i need my item asap"	0
I contacted already two companies to get unlock code for this device and it is not available!!!	0
"I completely satesfy by buying this item even if the shipping coast was too much but it&apos;s nice that the item arrived in time,thank&apos;s for everything and forgive me about my honosty."	1
"I compared the specs of this phone with several other high end phones (Samsung s, iPhone) before buying and found that it has very good specs. Bought it two weeks ago and confirmed this is a great phone. All apps I have tried work fine and the phone responds fast and has enough memory. All for a very affordable price. Couldn't be happier with this Moto G5. "	1
I COLLECT ELECTRONICS AND THE HTC WAS ON MY LIST FOR YEARS IT WAS ALWAYS OUT OF REACH AND I WAS FINALLY ABLE TO AFFORD IT...BY TODAYS STANDARDS IT IS REALLY NO COMPARISON BUT IT HAS DONE WELL WITH ME...	1
I cnnont recieved this item as yet look like i will lost my money i am so sorry that i have every do bisuniess you . i think yu should return my money in my account or send the phone to my right adress .	0
"I chose this phone because I am familiar with Windows and Microsoft. I am a senior with a lot of learning ahead. I found it easy to set up and understand; co-ordinated with my Surface and PC. Because it is my first, I can't compare to any other product."	1
"I check e-mail and watch youtube videos on this phone all the time. Not problem surfing the web, texting and making call. Good deal all around."	1
"I changed my on the bid because its not unlocked, sorry for the inconvenience."	0
"I can't use this phone, cause no network. No access."	0
"I can't use my speaker to much feed back ,I'm a business person on the go this not good for me at all.I called verizon and talked to them they nothing but told me to,do my updates"	0
I can't unlocked i sent the message to the seller and he never answered. 	0
I cant understand  the phone was made in 1978 ? whats mean?	0
I can't imagine what could have been improved upon. Not the latest release from LG but I'm not sure why. It's features and sound are truly today.	1
"I can't express how awesome it is to upgrade from a 5"" screen to this monster.  This phone is beautiful, bright, and fast.  My old phone had 8GB of on-board storage, and after you account for Android, I only had about 4GB left to install apps.  I was constantly running out of space.  This phone touts 16GB of space, and the user is left with over 8GB of space to install apps, plus there's an SD card slot, which is where I keep all my music and photos.  The phone is meant for the cell carrier that is branded on the back, but once the phone has been used with that carrier for six months, that company will provide an ""unlock code"" to allow the phone to be used on any other GSM networks.  I only mention this because I am in fact using this with a carrier other than the brand on the phone, and it works great.  I am able to get 4G LTE in places my old phone could only get E. The customized Android UI is very beautiful out of the box, and it comes with a theme app that let's you customize it further.  This is hands-down the best phone I have ever owned. I love this phone and I highly recommend it.  "	1
I cant even unlock that phone eventhough i got the code. I still have it abd i hate it . 	0
I can't buy this item so i think it is a fake item and fake seller	0
"i can't believe my luck with his phone, so far it works perfect so it has a cracked display it;s so hard to see i don;t notice it till i run my finger over crack. other then that phone looks in brand new condition if it last a long time i will be SUPER TRILLED YA YA YA !!!!!!!!!! will see in a couple of months how that goes. THANKS AGAIN CELLDAYS FOR A GREAT EXPERIENCE shopping with you."	1
"I cant be happier with this phone! I ordered 5 of these phones for my mother, relative with macular degeneration and my bosss wife, all 80 years old and older. Struggled finding cell phone they could use and this is it! Even bought backup phones for 2 of them. The seller is wonderful to work with!!! Highly recommend!!!"	1
"I cannoti t review, because the seller advertised a US Cellular Razr VE20.  But shipped a Razr 3 Verison that could not even be activated by Verison.  Wasn&apos;t worth the hassel to make a claim as he seemed incoherent. Blamed it on Ebay.  I did however order another VE20 from a different seller. I find it excellent for the money. Tranaction was fast and is exactly as listed"	0
I cannot rate this model phone because I purchased a used phone. The vendor I purchased form had no quality control to be sure they did not sent out a defective phone.  I returned the phone for a refund. The vendor did have good communication once I notified they of the defective phone and I needed to return it.  They refunded my money.  Apparently this model phone is known for having battery problems.  This phone appeared to have a battery problem.	0
"I cannot honestly answer this review. I was informed by eBay that my order was cancelled due to seller not being a member, and so on. However, PayPal did take funds from my checking account. I have never received the product or received a refund! My husband &amp; I have been members of eBay for quite a while. I am seriously considering other avenues to purchase items now......."	0
"I cannot even say enough about this seller! I bought this phone for my dad and he loves it! Ryan, you rock! Thank you so much...fast shipping and great communication!!"	1
"I cannot believe how soon that I have to put the phone to recharge because the battery die on me.  I am a Nokia fan since.. ever !! especially after I used the other brand e.g. motorola or sony.  I am disappointed about how bad is the battery goes.  On paper, it says the battery will last for 200h.  WHAT A JOKE ! The battery die on me not even 12 hours after 2 calls- one is 20mins, and one is 2 mins.    Other than that, it is a wonderful phone as I always expect from Nokia."	0
I cancelled this item and the seller was great about it. I would do business with them again in a heartbeat.	1
I canceled the order 2 seconds after n wrote to them bc they didn't say it was broken until after they accepted my offer n they shipped it out anyways 	0
"i can&quot;t estimate this product or any other products because ebay does not deliver any products to EGYPT, i do&apos;nt know why !!!!  hahaha  so much funny.."	0
"I can&apos;t tell you about my experience using the ZTE Groove because I keep telling you people that, I never received it. The owner has the phone and my money and you have done nothing about it. I have always had my address of 2627 n.51st ave. apt#254 phoenix, az. 85035 for the last 2 or more years. I had a issue where some sellers didn&apos;t have my apartment number attached. I was doning business with several sellers, so i just just did a email to all of them, making sure they had the same information. Then you guys denied my claim and acted as I gave the wrong info. I know my address, and i didn&apos;t type it wrong. Then you guys block me from continuing the claim."	0
I can&apos;t speak for all Galaxy S vibrant phones but this one had been tampered with and it made my voice unintelligable to the people on the other end. It did not have sound for turning on and turning off. My Galaxy S 4G was stolen and I tried to save money by buying this online. The Galaxy S 4G is a great phone and just bought a new one yesterday at the Tmobile store. Just beware buying electronics online.	0
I can&apos;t give a review because when l purchased the phone eBay removed it from the site do to the fact that the item wasn&apos;t discribed corectly or properly.  So I never got the phone found out that I stilled paid for it and got refunded my money.	0
i can&apos;t even put the phone to use.  it rejects my sim cards. it does not charge. i had to to give the phone a zero grade.	0
I can&apos;t almost see the text because the screen looks so foggy. It&apos;s not only few scratch but it&apos;s frosted. I&apos;m disappointed but since I bought it already what can I do...	0
"I can&amp;apos;t use it, because it not use sim card , the experince was great. i retuned the item  and received refund , thank for that. I would recommend this seller."	1
I can put 10 stars?? Hahahhaha very good cosmetic condition 	1
"I can only speak of the one I received off of here , no good Battery Life isn't good at all ! I have had nothing but trouble with this phone , turning on and off all the time for no reason , keeps junking the SD cards left and right to where they are no good. the touch screen I have to push or swipe it 4 times most of the time. if You ask me the phone is junk but like I said I am reviewing this from the one I bought here."	0
i can only rate this poorly since I never had a chance to make use of it&apos;s functions as it was not unlocked as described by the seller. bad thing that ebay is being use by some sellers to thrive from somebody&apos;s hard earned money. will not ever buy an iphone again as it became a nightmare to me. very poor....that&apos;s it. go back to android cellphone as it offers plenty of flexibility.	0
i can not write a review as the phone is not an original one!!!!  i can not write a review as the phone is not an original one!!!!   i can not write a review as the phone is not an original one!!!!   i can not write a review as the phone is not an original one!!!!   i can not write a review as the phone is not an original one!!!!   i can not write a review as the phone is not an original one!!!!	0
I can not use this phone because the seller sold me a locked phone. It will not even work with a Cingular sim card. It will not work with any sim card. It is a paper weight. it is totally useless to me.	0
I CAN not use the product I bought and I have asked for a refund...but the seller does not want to work with me!! I would not buy from this seller again!!	0
I can not use it. I updated it and can not use it unless I have a Sim. do not know carrier and Cant get a Sim that size	0
"I can not stand this phone... I&apos;ve had it for awhile and upgraded from my blackberry 9330.  After having the Ascend, I want to go back to the BB.  The Ascend freezes up all the time and is always running low on &quot;phone&quot; memory and therefore runs slow. I moved all of my downloaded apps to my memory card and still have no memory."	0
"I can not share my opinion on this product just because I have had problems with customs service becase the product should be priced at a value higher than expected.   I already contact the seller in order to return the value expended after it receives the telephone from the customs services.   I want to belive this, the seller&apos;s site is misleading because the buyer thinks that the product is shipped from Spain and not from China and so it is taxed with more 80 US Dollars, which would not happen if it came from Spain or any European country."	0
i can not even activate the phone boost told me it is on someone else account. the corner is cracked. 	0
i can not download any app on the phone. its vey fustrating	0
"I came from using the Samsung Galaxy note 2 and the Samsung Galaxy note 5. When I had to upgrade I ended up with the LG V30. It's a great p phone but there is something about the stylus. I'm one of those people that must have it. The phone is very snappy even after doing the LG new device restore. It's a very smooth device. Cameras are very very decent, specially with a separate camera app. I highly recommend this phone. Its excellent! The 720p display is very crisp and bright. I have no complaints at all. "	1
"I called a couple of months saying my phone resets several times during the day,  they told me it needed  a hard reset as it was a minor system problem, it worked for a couple of weeks and now it's doing it again, if I'm inside of an app suddenly  exits the application and sends you to the main menu, of just restart from nothing, it's driving me crazy! I'll call to see if they make valid my guarantee. "	0
I buyed Samsung note 4.the cell not work anytime. So now i dont have choise to refund. 	0
I buy this product pecasusr i thonk it was going to be good. I want it for a my father. I never resive it. Im still waiting for the seller to let me know what happen to my phone.	0
I buy this phone for unlocked but its locked	0
"i buy this phone abut a month ago and in happy with the dell i got..works good, it easy to use,good price, fast shipping.."	1
"i buy this item so i can use for 4G , but its not work for 4G in bahrain, so i cant use this item , i have to give back this item, i buy other HTC M8 its work fine here in bahrain"	0
i buy htc that phone suck just like amzon i was fuck over junk phone  	0
I brought this refurbished phone for my husband but the phone only worked for 2 1/2 weeks tried to contact the seller and never heard from the seller and I would like to say that is poor service the phone is a piece of junk and I lost almost 60 dollars thank for selling crap	0
I brought this phone from this company an I got it fast. But today I went to get it activated and sprint to me the phone was still under a lease. 	0
I brought this phone as a backup while I sent my main phone back to Sony for warranty repair this little phone didn't even make it until I got my main back. I was on the phone when the lock screen locked and the phone powered off and never turned back on. Contacted seller and was given the your a few days out of our 30day policy. SHM So if you only need a phone for a couple weeks go ahead and buy it but if you need it longer than that I wouldn't 	0
I brought this phone and I took it to sprint and it's not activating and they still haven't replied 	0
"I brought this on October 13, 2016 and it was due to come on October 18, 2016 and didn't receive it. Not to include I wasn't given shipping information or a tracking number. I recommend not to buy from this seller, doesn't respond to emails or anything. Horrible service.  "	0
I brought these items aswell as 4 iphone 4 32gbs from this seller and they are all fake. EBAY and PAYPAL are refusing to help me resolve this so i am left $3000 out of pocket	0
"I brought the phone to Verizon to have my phone book uploaded to the phone and I was informed that the phone was a stolen phone and that they could not do anything with it. Additionally, I received the phone several weeks after I was supposed to receive the item."	0
i brought the phone to the AT&T store to get it hooked up and it was locked and i was unable to get it hooked up. 	0
i brought the phone cause i needed one mine broke and it looked good on e-bay and when i got it it was in very good shape and pleased how it looked and worked .ty	1
I brought a phone & it never came .Ive never had problems till I brought form this seller 	0
I broke my first phone and replaced it with this.  I am happy with it!  I got very prompt shipping and plenty of alerts along the way.  Thank you!	1
"I bould this cell phone do to in the review it was say that have a lot of thins that I was looking on a phone , like Face time, wi-fi , good reception , mp3 and other, unfortune for me It has been very difficute to download music to the MP3, no face time had been able to performed thru the wi-fi system,no instruction book on the box, had been trying to calibrate the compass , imposible... without instruction, ect"	0
"I bought two of these phones for $200 each from Cingular back when they were top of the line.  They lasted me seven years before one was lost and one was stolen.  They&apos;re the perfect size: thin, lightweight, and small without being too small.  They look stylish.  They don&apos;t need 4-way navigation buttons, just up and down buttons so this helps to keep the size down.  They&apos;re durable.  I&apos;ve dropped them a couple of times and they were fine.  The number buttons are slightly raised making them easier to press.  All of the menus are easily reached by pressing the menu button and then a combination of numbers.  For example, to change the language to traditional Chinese press menu, 4, 2, 5, 7.  It also has Spanish, French, Hebrew, and Portuguese.  No other phone I know has all those languages.  If you hold down the call button, you can make a call with a calling card.  It comes with its own games -- you don&apos;t have to download them and buy them.  They include: snake, memory, and numbers among others.  Even though the screen is not color it&apos;s easy to see and this makes the battery life excellent.  You can talk for hours and leave it on standby for days.  However, after seven years of use, it can only be on standby for two days.  You can program your own welcome message that appears when you turn on the phone.  It comes with 40 of its own ringtones.  You can assign different ringtones to different caller groups.  And you can assign different profiles to the phone.  For example a profile for silence, for outdoors, and a normal profile.  It holds 250 contacts.  The only drawbacks are its non-color screen, lack of Internet access, non-polyphonic ringtones, and I can&apos;t find the SIM card.  You have to do more than just remove the battery."	1
I bought two of these phones and not happy with either at all. I tried to get a refund or a different phone but no answer and I am very unhappy and will probably never buy from here again.	0
I bought two I phones and one of them cannot be achieved because it is still on someone account 	0
I bought two charging port broke on both after two months had one repaired broke again. Asus should recall this phone 	0
"I bought this used, never again!  I had the same phone which has worked wonderful.  After contacting the seller twice about not receiving the phone (weeks after paying for it) I did finally get it in the mail.  The phone I received was much more &quot;used&quot; than described and quit working after only a week!  I again tried to make contact with the seller, to inform them the phone didn&apos;t work and again didn&apos;t get a reply.  Since I didn&apos;t hear anything from the seller I purchased a new battery and it still won&apos;t work.  Now apparently I am &quot;stuck&quot; with this phone that doesn&apos;t work!? I Love my original phone and would highly recommend it.  However, my advice- buy a new one from a much more RELIABLE seller!"	0
I bought this to use as an Ipod touch. works great for music and nice having extra phone.	1
I bought this to replace the same model phone that my daughter lost in deep water and love how easy it is to use.  I also love that it has a flash light that is very bright.	1
"I bought this to replace a 2-year old Xperia U, which I liked but the screen was too small for typing and internet, the battery was on the light side, the Android version was kinda old and couldn't be updates, and it lacked LTE  The SP remediates all these issues.  It is also a bit thinner (but not flimsy).  It is a much peppier processor and the newer version of Android (4.3) has some very nice features.  The battery consumption is much slower, in part because of ""wifi off"" feature when out of range.  The 4G internet is about 10% of the speed of a full-fl,edged ethernet wire which is great, the GPS performance is much improved.  Newer versions of gmail and other apps compatible with later android are a great improvement.  There are a couple of sour notes.  I liked the old ""U"" wallpapers better.  The phone dialer was a very aggravating habit of screen blanking when the proximity sensor approaches your ear, then not responding to ""wake up"" when the call is over.  You can override this by changing the  ""end call"" to the side power button, but its a bug either in the app or the the OS.  The other thing is the phone is white and I ordered black -- but buying from Hong Kong those kind of things happen, the vendor at least agreed to refund a few buck so I could buy a different color ca"	0
"I BOUGHT THIS SONY ERICSSON K550i YESTERDAY AND IT IS GREAT. PICTURE MESSAGES DID NOT WORK SO I GOT SOFTWARE UPDATE FROM SONYERICSSON.COM AND EVERYTHING WORKS SUPER FINE NOW. IF YOU LIKE A NICE COOL LOOKING EASY TO USE PHONE THIS IS FOR YOU, AND THE CAMERA IS UNBELIEVABLE TAKES GREAT PIC&apos;s AND YOU CAN PRINT THEM STRAIGHT FROM THE PHONE."	1
"I bought this smartphone due to the low price, and quickly realized that was a mistake. The Huawei has a terrible running system and freezes up bad. I had to reboot the phone often even a few times a day. I would not recommend this phone. Huawei needs to recall these phones and put a better system in."	0
I bought this smartphone because my last ATT phone was giving me all sorts of problems. And I was tired of putting it in my purse or pocket and having it call numbers that would just come up as a result of brushing against whatever. And I do a lot of texting and liked the idea of having a keyboard available that I could hold with both hands; increasing my speed. It did take me awhile before I got used to the touch screen but that was another reason I wanted it; for the ease of going from one page to another. If this phone fails I will purchase another like it. The camera takes terrific photos-the clarity is tops. There isn&apos;t anything that I don&apos;t like about my phone-it&apos;s the best buy as far as I am concerned.	1
"I bought this several weeks ago. But the 30 day free service is not included as advertised. Then I opened a case with ebay. After a long meaningless investigation by ebay, my case was closed without any explanation. Stay away from this company. And most importantly, stay away from ebay, the most garbage company!!!"	0
"I bought this Sanyo SCP-5500 (Sprint's designation is/was the VM-4500) in mid-to-late 2003. The main feature or novelty with this antiquity is the ability to record then send 15 second video clips to a loved one or a friend. This tiny but powerful device was a lifeline when I bought it. I got one for my girlfriend at the same time and we used the daylights out of these. I had to have mine replaced in mid-2004 when I had a fall where, in trying to protect the phone clipped to my belt, I actually rolled over on it fracturing the main screen; that little bit of history came back to me as I was composing my thoughts for this retro-review.  My sweetheart used hers for her job as a regional representative with the company she worked for. MapQuest was her favorite and very early 'app' in those days when applications were just getting a toenail hold in the market; apps, back then, were nothing like what they'd become in just a few years. I could go on and on about this tiny powerhouse (for its time) since nostalgia and sentiment weigh so heavily in my observations. One final thought/observation; since my phone had been replaced it's still in pristine condition right down to the little 'snick' sound which the clamshell phone makes when it is opened or closed. I will, occasionally, power i"	1
I bought this product to take some fotos to the tourist in a beach and it did not work in the sand it doesnt repond to the orders a give it of altitude. After 5 min the drome over heats all the sistem exept the battery so i dont know whats wronge. I dont know  who can fix it.	0
"I bought this product to replace my current Nokia 6126 (which I bought new 3 years ago from Cingular with my call package).  I really like this model over any others I have checked into.  I like it&apos;s simplicity and ease of use.  It&apos;s body style is not too bulky or too thin...fits well in hand and pocket.      Really appreciate the sizable keys...really great for a senior like me.  I don&apos;t do the text thing, but know others who do and love the key&apos;s usability. The two sizable screens and sizable print is easy on the eyes.      Nokia 6126&apos;s durablility is great!  My original phone served me well for three years under fairly heavy use.  Because this model does so well, I purchased another to replace it.  IMO, it is a fairly tough cell phone and puts up with modest/heavy use.      The internal antenna is quite strong compared to most and I get great reception anywhere I go.  Sound is quite clear.  Speaker phone is of good quality as well.  The camera is a bonus and works great for my simple needs.      Nokia 6126 is a perfect cell phone for people like myself who want a basic cell phone with basic calling features.  I plan to keep using this style of Nokia as long as I can.  IMO...it&apos;s the best basic cell phone Nokia ever made...sure hope they keep making it.  Nothing compares to it for a simple, durable phone."	1
"I bought this product from qualitycellz a few months ago. The item was not unlocked as described and I have still been unable to use it 3 months later. After repeated messages back and forth to the seller, he still refuses to exchange or accept return of the item. Both Samsung and my cell provider claim that the product is not unlocked, but the seller refuses to accept that. Buyer beware!"	0
I bought this product for my uncle. He&apos;s not updated with the touch phones and I thought this phone is perfect for him    :)	1
I bought this product because of good features &amp; easy to use comparing other brands. Battery life also good and reasonable price for middle income people. I would say this is excellent phone to use in all purposes.	1
I bought this product because it is an inexpensive phone with quality features. I dislike that this phone is fairly slow however it is an older phone and was expected.	1
"I bought this product because I wanted to have a cellular phone very simple to use , a basic one and small one.  I like this product for its design and its simplicity.  But there is something wich I dislike, we can&apos;t acces to boxe sent messages."	1
"I bought this product because I needed at smart phone for a Go phone account, I have NOT been disapointed... This phone is awesome!  I like the touch screen and how quickly it responds, the only problem I have beeen having is getting used to the new features when I end a call.  This is a great phone for the price!"	1
I bought this product because I like the brand Samsung and I liked the style of the phone but when I received the phone I could not use it. The phone was locked and I was never able to get it unlocked it gets poor reception. I have never been able to use this phone.	0
I bought this product as a gift for my family and ever since I gave it to my family they have loved it. No complains! It took a while to adjust and to learn how to use it but they loved it.   I liked the fact that it was delivered timely and well packaged.	1
I bought this product and liked it so well I bought another one for a xmas gift 	1
i bought this product after i check the facility and options what i was looking for...i like it cause its good condition and like a new...	1
"I bought this product after having dropped my phone in water. What I like about this product is the full key board, the slim physique of the phone, as well as the white and green color palette. what I would change about the phone are the ringtone choices, something catchy but not annoying. I would buy thing product again though."	1
I bought this primarily because it works on CDMA/ Verizon. The most common Net 10 phones are ATT/ GSM which has terrible reception in my area. Net 10 will not sell the C phones unless you live in a few/ limited zip codes. If all you need is a plain phone it is OK. Net 10 is goood as long as you do not have to go through their customer service. Net 10 will transfer minutes if you are on a monthly plan.	0
"I bought this phone without the box (my mistake) I should have known that there would be something wrong with it since it didn't come with the box. I then found out after I received it in the mail that it is a fake iPhone. The back is not the same color as an original rose gold iPhone 6s plus should be. The operating system works well and everything about the phone is fine, but the exterior of the phone is all completely fake and I am not happy with the communication skills of this seller because they described the phone to be ""brand new"". I am very disappointed and will have eBay involved big time if there is something else wrong with this item. "	0
"I BOUGHT THIS PHONE USED OFF EBAY. WAS GUARANTEED TO BE A GREAT PHONE. QUAD BAND, UNLOCKED, WORLD PHONE ETC. BUT WHEN I INSTALLED MY MX TELCEL SIM CARD, IT WONT READ IT. THE PHONE WONT HOLS A CHARGE. HOPE OTHER PEOPLE HAVE BETTER LUCK THEN ME. MAY JUST BE THIS ONE PHONE. HOPE SO...."	0
"I BOUGHT THIS PHONE USED OFF EBAY. WAS GUARANTEED TO BE A GREAT PHONE. QUAD BAND, UNLOCKED, WORLD PHONE ETC. BUT WHEN I INSTALLED MY MX TELCEL SIM CARD, IT WONT READ IT. THE PHONE WONT HOLS A CHARGE. HOPE OTHER PEOPLE HAVE BETTER LUCK THEN ME. MAY JUST BE THIS ONE PHONE. HOPE SO...."	0
"I BOUGHT THIS PHONE USED OFF EBAY. WAS GUARANTEED TO BE A GREAT PHONE. QUAD BAND, UNLOCKED, WORLD PHONE ETC. BUT WHEN I INSTALLED MY MX TELCEL SIM CARD, IT WONT READ IT. THE PHONE WONT HOLS A CHARGE. HOPE OTHER PEOPLE HAVE BETTER LUCK THEN ME. MAY JUST BE THIS ONE PHONE. HOPE SO...."	0
"I bought this phone to use in the UK on a trip in July 2011.  When I installed the Sim card, the phone did not work at all.  It was an extremely disappointing experience. A complete waste of money."	0
"I bought this phone to use as a basic phone. I don't play games on it, listen to music, or go online with it. I don't need or use the apps.The only things I do with it is phone calls and texts. In the first 2 days the phone worked. Now it drops calls consistently. The sound quality is very poor on both the sending and receiving end. I can not return this phone because I already threw away the box . That's my fault. I should have taken more time to see if it was going to work. The only positive thing I have to say about this phone is that if you want a good quality screen and use it only for texts, then this is the phone for you."	0
"I bought this phone to replace my son&apos;s phone.  He liked the Nokia 6010 and wanted to keep the same style of phone.  Unfortunately, Cingular no longer carries this phone, so I had to go to e-bay to find it."	1
"I bought this phone to replace my motorola rizr, which had been stolen. First of all, the ringer can hardly be heard, even when set at loudest  setting. The toggle to maneuver through the menu is very user unfriendly as sometimes it takes little or no effort to change to a new application, and other times it sticks and is impossible to control. Sound quality is only fair and the phone itself is very large and heavy. Stick with Motorola or Nokia!"	0
"I bought this phone to replace my current Nokia 6500 slide.  Unfortunately, the new phone does not work.  The battery is fully charged and it won&apos;t turn on. The front sliding piece is on crooked. It did not come in a Nokia box, but in a ML Royal S3588 box, so I am not even sure if it is new as advertised.  Also, no software was included.  I know how to work this kind of phone because I love the one I already have.  I am very disappointed and won&apos;t buy from this seller again."	0
"I bought this phone to replace my current Nokia 6500 slide.  Unfortunately, the new phone does not work.  The battery is fully charged and it won&apos;t turn on. The front sliding piece is on crooked. It did not come in a Nokia box, but in a ML Royal S3588 box, so I am not even sure if it is new as advertised.  Also, no software was included.  I know how to work this kind of phone because I love the one I already have.  I am very disappointed and won&apos;t buy from this seller again."	0
"I bought this phone to replace my current Nokia 6500 slide.  Unfortunately, the new phone does not work.  The battery is fully charged and it won&apos;t turn on. The front sliding piece is on crooked. It did not come in a Nokia box, but in a ML Royal S3588 box, so I am not even sure if it is new as advertised.  Also, no software was included.  I know how to work this kind of phone because I love the one I already have.  I am very disappointed and won&apos;t buy from this seller again."	0
"I bought this phone to replace a brand new LG inwhich I had put through the washer/dryer.  Wow!  Technology has surely changed in 3 years since this LG F7200 was new.  I certainly do appreciate being able to just have a phone/texting available to me, however, this seems like an ancient beast.  It is not slim but quite chunky to carry around.  The features on it are quite minimal (ie: wallpaper selections) and the ringtones selections are not great at all. Infact, I had a very hard time choosing even one!)  The texting capibilities seem outdated and the T9 feature does not pick up many words.  Although I don&apos;t use the camera feature much on my past phones I have found I do miss it when you don&apos;t have it such as this phone does not.  All in all I would say this would be a fine phone for someone just starting out with phones or perhaps those who don&apos;t care able the endless features.  The slide feature is nice and the keypad is a nice size."	0
"I bought this phone to practice replacing a broken screen. I enjoy repairing small electronic items. Now I am trying to remove icloud lock without contacting the original owner, again just for the fun of it. The seller shipped the phone super fast and gave a very accurate description. No complaints.  "	1
"I bought this phone to my wife, she loves it.    Excellent phone, good quality signal, long battery life, easy to use, small size."	1
I bought this phone to have a nice flip phone to use.  Perfect match......I hope to keep it for years!	1
I bought this phone to be used abroad. I got to the foreign country and this phone started having problems with touchscreen. It moves and just displays anything. I will have to buy another phone. So disappointed and horrible phone	0
"I bought this phone to be a secondary cell phone as I have a primary iPhone on Verizon. I was directed to find an original Google Pixel (not XL) to use with the other system I have, which is FREE! It's called FreedomPop, and all I had to do was procure the sim card, and follow simple instructions. Well, I found this refurbished Google Pixel from this wonderful seller, Vombotsupply. Well, I thought that I was unwrapping a brand-new phone! Not only was it refurbished, it was just like brand new! Excellent case, display, fully-functional buttons, and an awesome battery! If you are looking for a good used cell phone, consider Vombotsupply, and you won't be disappointed. The phone works like a champ, and doesn't cost me ANYTHING to use on FreedomPop! I get 200 cellular minutes, 500 text messages, 200 mb of data, and 30 days to use everything! This is a perfect secondary phone to my iPhone, and there are certain purchase apps like Google pay which the iPhone doesn't support. Apple pay is fine, but not a total solution. "	1
"I BOUGHT THIS PHONE SO I CAN BUY SIM CARD FROM TELEPHONE PROVIDER WHEN I VISIT OR STATION IN ANY COUNTRY OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES.  OUTSTANDING PHONE, STILL THE BEST PHONE I HAVE USED WITHOUT COMPLAINS. READY TO GO ANY TIME.  THIS PHONE IS ONE OF ITS KIND. VERY RELIABLE, HANDY AND READY TO GO ANYTIME."	1
"I bought this phone so I can be reach when away from home.My husband is ill.I liked the style,size,and color of phone.But the performance was not acceptable. Several keys did not work and was not able to recieve pictures. I was able to get the situation settled with no problem. So I will be a returning customer to ebay."	0
"I bought this phone pre-owned and this was my first time buying a phone online. The phone looked good at first but then the screen locked on me and when I turned it off, it wouldn't turn back on. It pisses me off and I want my refund. I couldn't afford a new phone but now I am going to invest in a new phone. "	0
I bought this phone on behalf of my friend. His wife needed an easy-to-use yet strong smartphone. Wow she loves it. It is user friendly with a long battery life. Appearance is excellent for a lady. Beautiful.  For internet it has a clear screen. She says she can buy it again.	1
I bought this phone not even 2 months ago. Already having major problems. It won&apos;t let you send texts and freezes constantly. I brought it in to t-mobile and they even said this phone is terrible and is a rip off.. I highly suggest NOT buying this phone. I am getting  a new phone thank god. I can&apos;t stand this phone.!	0
I bought this phone like 3 weeks ago and it the worst phone I ever bought in my life. It freezes like crazy and you have to take off the battery so it can unfreeze. You touch one app and it takes you somewhere else. I also thought it was going to come magenta it didnt. Never buy from this seller.I know I wont. Worst product ever the phone to slow.	0
"I bought this phone just for an inbetween my Nokia E71 and an Android. I had no reception in parts of San Francisco, Oakland, and anywhere else we decided to take mini vacations. At my home it will not work unless I go outside and hold it in the air to find at least one bar!! AT&amp;T is the worst cell service I have ever had!!!! Straight talk works great with Verizon!!! Great customer service"	0
"I bought this phone in the store and lost it a friend told me to go to Ebay and get another one, it was just a good phone with excellent features that I had to get another one. I am having an excellent time with the features and it has an excellent look. I would recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a great phone with excellent features and easy to use."	1
I bought this phone in replace of my daughters old one that is broken and told her that I lost it!  she cant even tell the difference....it works perfectly fine to her and myself! Id buy from you again. 	1
"I bought this phone in June 2017, it was defective, the touch screen didn't work properly. I requested return the item but the seller refused. Then I opened the claim through the Paypal, and after that seller had to accept the return. I sent the phone with tracking number but because of the seller didnt confirm the phone arrived, I couldnt get my refund yet! The communication with seller is ZERO. they just dont care about customers! Do NOT RECOMMEND TO BUY FROM THIS CUSTOMER. "	0
"I bought this phone in April 2017. When it arrived the battery would not charge. I contacted the seller and he sent me a return shipping envelope and said he would send another phone. Well 2 months later, no phone, so I contacted him again and he said he would issue a refund. OK THIS IS JULY 19TH, 2017----NOTHING. I HAVE SENT MANY EMAILS AND THE RESPONSE I GOT WAS THAT THEY WERE BUSY AND TO BE PATIENT. 3 MONTHS LATER BE PATIENT????????? IT'S NOT ABOUT THE MONEY , IT'S ABOUT CUSTOMER SERVICE, WHICH THEY HAVE NONE. ANNNNNND THEY STILL HAVE MY MONEY !!!!!"	0
I bought this phone hoping to get it to work with my network but I found another phone with no crack glass now I have one for spare parts cuz I'm not going out and replacing the screen but I'm not disappointed I do have one for parts thank you...	0
I bought this phone here i need to contract the seller i was taking pictures in the pool the phone got wet inside and is no longer working. This was the main purpose of buying this phone because I was told it is water resistant  	0
I bought this phone going by the listing information. They did not ship it as the listing said the item never arrived and instead of refunding my the money they just said I needed to wait 2 billing cycles to get it.	0
"I bought this phone from ebay and I absolutely love it, its very stylish and very easy to use. I love the mini screen, u can do so much without opening the phone which makes it even more interesting. U can switch on the music player, use the camera and switch on the radio. Its also possible to lock the phone while the flip is closed, which comes in handy when it is in your bag.The music player is great, the camera is 3 meg, its got bluetooth and infra-red. its basically got everything. it also possible to make video calls, depending on your provider. i had the nokia 7373 first and that was great too, but this is like a complete upgrade. so overall i am a very happy customer!"	1
"I bought this phone from a seller called cellphoneforever, there was a charging problem, it shows use an original sonyericsson battery and will not charge. the language package that was promised by seller was not there also. there is not cooperating at all. so do not waste your money guys"	0
"I bought this phone for two reasons, dual sim and runs windows mobile.  It will do both, however, the phone has a problem with restarting. Seemingly randomly it will shut itself down, you get a message that states &quot;Network or system error, reccomend shutdown&quot; then it will shut itself down. It doesnt matter what you are doing, I&apos;ve had it shutdown during a call so many times, I consider the phone useless now. I&apos;ve done some research on teh web and have found this is a common problem. Also, the phone is 2 months old, I take it out of the charger at 6 am, use it sparingly, since it keeps shutting itself off, and the battery is DEAD by 5 pm.  I dont even get 12 hours out of it. I suggest if you are looking for a phone, WAIT, someday they may fix these problems, in wich case it will be an awesome phone, but right now ACER doesnt seem interested in fixing it. I tried going through their website to get support, but I couldnt get any decent support their either. The vendor I got it from claims there is a firmware fix comeing, but I cant get a date out of him. So simply put, this could be an awesome phone with lots of abilities, if you could keep it turned on and the battery charged."	0
I bought this phone for the spare parts.  I needed a working logic board but the phone came bent and the logic board was cracked inside.  There was no description of a bend in the listing for parts. 	0
"I bought this phone for the QWERTY keyboard, but LOVE it now. It is very easy to use, has several options thst I use regularly.      The ONLY thing I would change about the phone is that it has only 1 alarm setting and my Samsung Propel had 5."	1
"I bought this phone for the large screen. I dislike about this product, because the call volume is very low, can not here anything when I am outside the home.  Also, the system is always halt. The product compare to others? Don&apos;t compare, so poor!!!!!"	0
I bought this phone for someone else but I used to have it (got stolen though)for a basic phone is wonderful I loved this phone the phone network never came down. I liked how the pictures look on the phone.	1
I Bought this phone for some parts my phone needed and when I gpt the phone it had all the parts thatt I needed but one and I contacted the seller and he had no more of what I needed but lead me in the wright direction .   Yes I would buy from him again	1
I bought this phone for my youngest daughter because she wanted to get an easier phone to use.  She actually turned in a Palm Pre to get this phone.	1
I bought this phone for my young granddaughter. She is thrilled with all the options. I am very happy with the looks and condition of the evoke phone.	1
"I bought this phone for my wife, she loves the slide open keyboard and ease of operation. The quality of the pictures is a plus."	1
i bought this phone for my wife she finds it easy to use and it was cheap works good on my straight talk plan	1
I bought this phone for my wife for Christmas. The phone was unlock and it worked great with AT&amp;T. All of my wife friends ask her where did she get a pink phone. It comes with a built in stylus which comes in handy with people with long nails. Just make sure you buy a screen protector to protect your investment.	1
i bought this phone for my sons b-day it is a beautiful phone but verizon wouldnt activate it cause i am on a pay as u go plan and only ceratin phone will work with that. but just cellular was very helpful trying there best to get me hooked up and after we figured out that this phone would not work just cellular gave me a full refund with no problems i would buy from them again anytime	1
"I bought this phone for my son...WE LOVE IT!!! It&apos;s all around THE BEST cellphone I&apos;ve ever seen or had! It is easy to set up, its features are great, and its got to be the toughest (as in can take a lickin and keep on tickin lol) phone around! If you wanna get your kid a new phone or a big kid yourself then i recommend this phone!! Well worth the price!"	1
"I bought this phone for my son. So far, he loves it. His previous phone was a Samsung Galaxy 2. This is a nice phone with a fast processor. This is probably the best Windows phone out right now. It is a really good value."	1
"I bought this phone for my son, who drowned his previous one. He is thrilled with it. The price was good also."	1
I bought this phone for my son and I have been extremely disappointed with it.  I went against the reviews that I had read and cave in since this is the phone my son really wanted.  It is almost impossible to have a conversation as it consistently drops calls.  I definitely would recommend to STAY AWAY form this phone	0
I bought this phone for my sister but the phone never worked. I contacted the seller but he never responded. I opened a case with eBay and the seller immediately started responding. He promised me to send me a replacement cell phone provided I close the case. I did close the case but the seller never kept his promise. He never sent me anything and had not replied to a single mail of mine ever since.   Overall I had a very poor experience. Please avoid buying anything from this seller.	0
I bought this phone for my phone and when it arrived i went to have it activated and was told the phone would not work with the provided it was advertised as.  Then it took me over two weeks to get my money back and have yet to find her a different one.	0
"I bought this phone for my mother, who is 70 years old. She hasn't had any problems with it at all, it's easy for her to use and has a lot of nice features. "	1
"I bought this phone for my mom. To replace the T-Mobile version of this phone. I thought when I ordered this phone that it was a T-Mobile version as described. It was not. The software is not the same. The phone turns off on its own and won't turn back on when I hit the power key. I have to take out the battery, reinsert it then hit the on key for it to work again. I have to go through this process daily. The phone calls are not clearly heared. To top it off the calls drop too. I bought this phone from USA stock, it was shipped from New York. When I contacted the vendor for a refund I was directed to China. The reply was that they'll get back to me because it was holiday season. I have to wait approximately 2 weeks for a reply. This is frustrating. They were quick to take my money but when I want to return the defected item it will take me over 2 weeks. I don't think it's fair for me to deal with the vendor in China when I could deal with the vendor that sent it from New York. I will not order items from foreign vendors anymore. "	0
"I bought this phone for my husband. I have one and he is always talking about how my phone is better than his.  He liked the fact the speaker is loud for those who are hard of hearing. Plus, it&apos;s not complicated, easy to catch on how to use it. Although there are many new models and up dated cell phones out there, I still prefer the BlackBerry Curve 8530. I even went as far a buying an extra 8530 on e-bay just incase mine goes out."	1
I bought this phone for my husband. He does landscaping and is very rough on cell phones. He has already dropped this one from the top of his hydroseeder and it came out without a scratch. I think this might have been the best possible phone we could have ever bought him.	1
I bought this phone for my husband to replace his Lg shine.  He absolutely loves the phone.  The only thing is he can not have his favorite ringtone because it does not support the size.  Other than that it is a great phone.  It gets great service pretty much everywhere.	1
I bought this phone for my husband just because gift.  He is very much in love with it.  I&apos;m happy every time he tells me a new feature he found out. Great phone!	1
I bought this phone for my Husband he own a Mechanic Shop this phone is the only cell phone that has stood up alot of oil gets on it he is still using the previous phone he said when the other phone die then he'll switch to the new one. If you work with your hands and they're wet oily whatever this is the phone for you.	1
I bought this phone for my handicap son to use because its a rugged phone and it said provider was Verizon. When I got the phone it did not have a SIM card and called Verizon to get one. I got the SIM card from Verizon and took it to Verizon to get activated. After over an hour I was informed thAt Verizon could not activate the phone because they no longer supported this phone. I have sent a message to Seller to get a refund  because I will have to buy another phone so waiting on reply from Seller. 	0
"I bought this phone for my friend. It was near mint condition, as described. She has been using it for several days now and it is working flawlessly. Nice Seller! "	1
"I bought this phone for my friend and I don&apos;t really have an experience with this phone. However from what my friend told me, he liked the phone very much. And I do like Android platforms. It&apos;s interactive and easy to use."	1
i bought this phone for my fiance because he loves the way it looks and how compact it is and although the price was good he used the phone for about two months and it stopped working. The main thing i would advise is to get insurance on this phone because sprint can not fix things like reception or the buttons being dirty.	1
I bought this phone for my father. He's not so high tech. But this phone really done it. It is brand new with out packaging box but whatever. The box was getting thrown away anyways. Nothing I can say but the phone works great and performs as it should.	1
I bought this phone for my daughter who lives in another state and is finding it hard to make ends meet.  Both me and our granddaughter also have the same phone.  Keeps everything simple.  Large screen and very user friendly.	1
"I bought this phone for my daughter for her birthday.  We went to turn it on and, the metro pcs dealer told us the box and the phone code numbers we not the same. He also told us the phone was unable to turn on because it has a open line.  The dealer gave me a big hard time with this phone.  Thanks to E Bay I got my money returned to me.  Never again would I deal with this dealer!"	0
"I bought this phone for my daughter and i think she is liking it. Actually, this is the third purchase i made of the same phone for her. Dont ask me why, she kept dropping the phone is the toilet bowl. Teenagers!!!"	1
I bought this phone for my boyfriend on Christmas. He loves this phone! He has nothing but good things about it. Hasn&apos;t had any problems with it what so ever since he got it a month ago. The phone works great and would definitely buy another phone for any other family member!	1
I bought this phone for my boyfriend on Christmas. He loves this phone! He has nothing but good things about it. Hasn&apos;t had any problems with it what so ever since he got it a month ago. The phone works great and would definitely buy another phone for any other family member!	1
I bought this phone for my 12 year old daughter.This was a used phone that I purchased . My biggest mistake buying this product from eBay. The battery life was very short maybe 4 hours. The phone died after 4 weeks and I paid almost $ 100 for it. I would not recommend this product to anyone.	0
"I bought this phone for my 12 year old daughter to take on an out of state trip and we're really happy with it.  It's sturdy, has a good camera, and does everything she needs it to.   I would recommend this to anyone who wants a good phone without spending a lot of money. "	1
I bought this phone for a Christmas present for my son who is away at college. It starting having slight problems before he ever left to go back to school after Christmas.  At first it was great - but within 3 weeks it no longer worked.  It won&apos;t charge.  It came with 2 batteries and neither one will charge so it has to be the phone.  So now my son is away at college with a phone that he can&apos;t use. I think Sprint should replace it.  How do we go about getting help with that?  So far no one has been able to help us.	0
"I bought this phone entirely to try out the firefox os. One of my hobbies is to play around with the different operating systems I have an interest in, even if they are now defunct. This phone is listed as new but is instead rooted and has cyanogenmod installed as the os, which is also a no longer supported os, not the firefox os that I bought the phone for. Despite it obviously not being new the phone itself does look very nice and all the buttons work so there's that I guess. Just don't buy this if you are hoping for a firefox phone or even for a supported os."	0
"i bought this phone cause it was nice, simple &amp; really inexpensive.  the problem is the keypad on the phones is extremely sensitive, whenever placing or receiving a call the buttons are randomly de-pressed without the user touching it.  Nokia deny that this problem exists - but i took mine back to carphone warehouse &amp; they exchanged it with a different model &amp; advised me that the majority of 6080&apos;s they sold have been returned with this defect.  before purchasing the 6080 i had the 6070 for a week which had the same issue.  they are based on the same design which is probably why it affected them both.  anyway - this is only my experience &amp; im of the opinion its best to avoid these handsets."	0
I bought this phone by mistake I returned the phone to the seller but they didn't gave me my refund back  	0
I bought this phone but after i sent payment I realized that it was not the correct phone I wanted. Asked seller to refund before they shipped it with no questions asked they gladly did it!!!! You dont have to many people who would do that now days without a fight!!! Thanks for your understanding!!! Deana	1
I bought this phone being very excited... Once i receive the phone i put service on it to find out there is no signal on the phone... Thought about resaling the phone on E-Bay... Then really thinking about it .... I was worried the phone annteena was missed up... So i contacted the saller... He agreeded that he would take the phone back.... And refund all my money... So i run to the post office and mail it... 300.00 dollars ins and off to sleepy hollow... It takes him 2 weeks to go pick it up... I haVE A COPY FROM THE POST OFFICE WITH HIS SIGNATUE AND hIS ADDRESS ON BEEKMAN AVE... SAYING HE GOT THE PACKAGE... not only that but also talked to him on the phone and he said he recieved it and needed to resale it before i could get my money back... What a dissapointment... I waited and then talked to ebay protection.... tarted a case... Thank god for them... Now iam just waiting for a full refund... should know something soon... Iam sure ill get my money soon... so if you buy something.... MAKE SURE YOU GET EBAY BUYER PROTECTION... So if your seller aint so good to you... Good luck... Wish this phone had signal i would have loved it... and plan on shopping more with ebay...	0
I bought this phone because the Razor I had was giving me fits was unreliable and a couple of friends from work have the alias 2 I asked some questions did some looking and decided this was also the one I wanted --- I have had great service from this phone the reception is excellent -- the keyboard is easy to use even with my rather large hands the only thing that is at all disappointing (albeit understandable)is that the web really eats up the battery quick -- all in all I&apos;m very satisfied with this phone	1
I bought this phone because of the slide option and the great 8 pix camera. It is easy to use and it keeps surprising me by doing things that I didn&apos;t know it could do. It has become one of my favorite phones. It is classy in looks and the apps that come with it are cool. It hasn&apos;t let me down yet by doing anything weird like turning itself off when it feels like it or calling people at random.  All in all its a sweet little phone and it hasn&apos;t let me down yet which makes me very happy. Oh and the pics are awesome!!! The camera does all kinds of cool stuff which keeps things interesting	1
"I bought this phone because of its physical QWERTY keyboard, but now i love it more since it was upgradable to Jellybean OS 4.1.x. very awesome phone overall!"	1
"i bought this phone because of it&apos;s sound quality and it&apos;s easy useage.infact this phone acts as best value for your money.long lasting battery,as compare to other phones it&apos;s the best so far among the phones i have ever use.the only thing i dislike about this phone is that the key pads are too small."	1
"i bought this phone because of battery life ...which says it last 30 days...well...it lasts only 14 days...but still quite good...very easy to use...couple of things to mention...you cannot change the call volume...and there is no reminder app...for camera and music player,extra rings, you need to have micro sd card...overall its very good phone...i m very pleased..."	1
"I bought this phone because my girlfriend broke her phone but was not eligible for a discount on a new one.  Unfortunately, this phone was stolen and cannot be activated.  the seller assumes no responsiobility for this, and i am still waiting on the paypal investigation surrounding this incident.  it is a shame that people like this give ebay and paypal such a bad rep."	0
I bought this phone because it was the only flip phone approved by assurance wireless. The reception is pitiful and the battery goes dead very fast due to the phone searching for service all the time. The volume is very low and speaker is poor. Can barely hear it even on speaker phone. I didn&apos;t expect much for $20.00 and that is what I got. I would not recommend this phone for anyone.	0
"I bought this phone because it was in a good price, excellent condition and because i needed to upgrade. For the size of this phone i can&apos;t complain i never liked big phones. This has everything you need and  it works just like a 4G. I don&apos;t Dislike anythings. This phone is very simple to used and i don&apos;t have to complicated my life, comparing to other touch screen high def. phones. I recommend this phone and you wont be disappointed. Also this phone is light weight not like other phones that are heavy. :)"	1
I bought this phone because it said it was an unlocked phone. When it came today an I tried to use it is not a unlocked phone. I can not use my phone carrier with this phone because under item description it says that it is an unlocked network. Clearly someone got it wrong. Not happy I have to send back the phone for a refund.	0
"I bought this phone because it is small, compact, and easy to fit in a pocket or small purse. I don&apos;t like it because it doesnt&apos; have service. What I mean by that is that there are times that I have great signal strength, but limited service where I can only make emergency calls, or no service at all. I want a cell phone so that if I have car trouble I can call for help. This phone doesn&apos;t help because the only place I can actually make calls is the center of town. It doesn&apos;t have service at my house, my job, my family&apos;s house, or anywhere else."	0
"I bought this phone because it has a very unique and sleek body and i wanted to be different from all the other overrated phone brands like iPhone or Samsung. The features are great and are an ease to use. The screen quality is great and the pictures look vivid. The major down side for me was i bought this phone on eBay from a seller that listed it as new. But after i received the phone, i drained the battery to give it a full charge. Then i noticed that the battery discharges too fast in just one day. I do not use the wi-fi, internet, GPS, play games or videos. I only make short calls and send text messages. So the phone was just as if it was used then refirbished for resale with the same old battery."	0
"I bought this phone because it has a keyboard but boy I was wrong this phone is garbage nothing works on it, dont buy this phone or you will waste your money."	0
"I bought this phone because I wanted a touchscreen which this one has.  Granted, it&apos;s not nearly a smartphone but it has all the features I wanted.  It&apos;s just an upgrade from the phone that I had and easy to use.  The touch screen is sort of hard to operate but it does work.  Overall I really do love this phone and it&apos;s a good value.  It does what I wanted and it runs off the Verizon towers so the reception is better than my other phone.  I would recommend this phone to anyone wanting a good phone for making and receiving calls and texting.  Web browsing, not so much.  Overall a good phone."	1
i bought this phone because i like that phone but i hate it so much kus it wouldn&apos;t let me retreive or recieve pictures messaging and it dont work right	0
"I bought this phone because I have had unlocked Samsung phones before and have worked very well. In this case, the phone did not work most of the time it was on. The phone was advertised as new; but it was not new. It was returned several times to the vendor because it did not work very well. On a scale of 1 to 10 (compared to my other phones), I would give it a 2.    Sparkyfly59"	0
I bought this phone because I dropped my IPhone 5s in the pool. It does everything my 5s did except the battery does not last as long. I have ordered a waterproof case for it since I am around the pool a lot. The phone works flawlessly and arrived very quickly. I would buy again.	1
I bought this phone at a very good price. It arrived on time and in excellent condish. All around perfect transaction. Thanks	1
"I bought this phone as my first android phone, and I LOVE IT!!! It has an ultra-responsive and durable screen, and i love the qwerty keyboard!!!    Pros - great touchscreen, responsive touchscreen, many free apps ANDROID!    Cons - none (to me)"	1
"I bought this phone as an upgrade, this is an awesome phone. I really like it. Its user friendly and access all apps. It has great clarity and fast when surfing the web. I like the qwerty keyboard but the quality of the keys could have been better kinda cheaply made. Other than that its a good phone for someone thats upgrading for the first time to an android phone."	1
"I bought this phone as an upgrade for a Lumia 520 and haven't been disappointed yet. One of the first things I noticed in transitioning was that there was not a spot on the 920 to insert a microSD, but with 32GB of storage space, I didn't need the ability to use a memory card with the 920. Given its age, my next concern was about battery life being that the battery is sealed within the phone. However, the battery life of this phone is still longer than my 520 and easily lasts me through the whole day without a need to charge it until I'm ready to retire. During that time I'm talking, texting, surfing the web, and playing games and seems like all of those activities were in mind when this phone was made.  As per my response to its form factor, it is not a small form factor by any means and is likely one of the largest phones I've owned to date (not as large as a phablet thought). Add a protective case and this phone becomes even larger.  With regards to what is bad about this phone, I don't believe I have any true gripes as it has reliably done whatever I have asked and required of it without fail to date."	1
"I bought this phone as a replacement for one that died.  The features are not as easily accessible as most phones, the wallpaper is pretty lame, and the battery won&apos;t hold a charge.  My mistake -- I should have returned it, but I didn&apos;t, as I was getting ready to leave the country for a while.  I&apos;ll have to bite the bullet and buy a new one, when I return.  This one just doesn&apos;t do the trick."	0
"i bought this phone as a replacement for my other one(which lasted three years of major damage before the speaker began to cut out), the so called &quot;major cosmetic damage&quot; on this new phone was a tiny scuff mark, that is in no way a big deal. a great buy, this one works as if it was new, if i didn&apos;t know better i would&apos;ve guessed it had been new or used for barely a week."	1
I bought this phone as a replacement and it was the best decision I have ever made. RIM has outdone themselves once again with this brilliantly designed and engineered cell phone!	1
"I bought this phone as a gift for my wife.  She loves it.  Fast performance, smooth exterior, and great color.  Apps load up fast too, lots of memory."	1
"I bought this phone as a gift but was disappointed when I received it. it has dents on the back, the bottom corner plate wasn't flat/flush so dust & debris can easily settle in the phone. Worst, when i tried using the phone, it had network issues. Fair to say, I wasted my money on this."	0
"I bought this phone as a back-up for my cell phone. I like the look of it, but it drops calls and the back panel can easily break. It is not bluetooth compatible, which is inconvenient while driving in states that do not allow you to talke on the phone while driving. I was dipleased with the purchase."	0
I bought this phone and waited for almost a week and the seller finally did not send anything and canceled the deal a bad seller	0
I bought this phone and the charger wasn't working and I sent a message to the seller and the seller told me I have to send back the no good charger before they can replrepl	0
"I bought this phone and less  then in a month it completely stopped working, won&apos;t even charge. I wrote to seller and she was very nice, replied that I send the phone back and she will refund me my money. I sent phone to her over a month ago and still haven&apos;t got anything from her. No responce, no refund :( And I know that she got the package, because I sent it with signature confirmation!!! So, I&apos;m very dissapointed in this seller&apos;s dishonesty! Was a complete waste of a $100 :("	0
I BOUGHT THIS PHONE AND ITS TRASH  THE SCREEN DOESN'T TOUCH SMFH	0
"I bought this phone and it will not update and will not stay on, device powers down and restarts continually."	0
"I bought this phone and it quit working within 24 hours. Don&apos;t buy used phones, go to your service provider and get a new phone with a warranty. I have been waiting for almost a month to try to get my money back fron e-bay. The seller has not been any help at all, and now the seller will not even respond. My case has been escelated with e-bay to try and get a refund. By the way the 80.00 spent on the phone was hard earned money my 13 year old daughter worked very hard for. Don&apos;t buy cell phones on e-bay, or from meganbielaccts that is the seller that ripped me off on e-bay."	0
"I bought this phone and have sampled it for exactly three weeks now on a prepaid program.  It passes up the Blackberry in so many ways. Speed and perfomance, better graphics, good speakers etc.      I got a good deal cause mine came with an Otter box case, which I higly recommend.      It is a man&apos;s phone. I say this cause I work on a construction site and can drop this phone while in the case on the concrete and not worry about it breaking at all.      Performance of the phone is phenomenal. It is a great machine period. Very few dropped calls in the city. A few more in the rural on the Verizon network.  I guess that is to be expected.  It does what it says it can do.      My only drawback is that I hope on Droid 2 that they have worked on the keyboard, which is a devil to type with. I can type on my laptop 50 wpm. Not even close on this phone.    If you are new to droid, you should like this one. I don&apos;t have a manual and don&apos;t need one cause I can figure it out with the icons."	1
"I bought this phone almost 1 month ago, but i did a big mistake, when the phone arrived i just check if been work turn the power on and checkout the shape, was ok and i left the feedback positive. So 1 week later when in try to connected to my co. (Nextel), they said the phone has report stole or lost, for somebody and this case can&apos;t be activate. I&apos;ve tried to contact the seller but no answer, not single explanation. I&apos;m really don&apos;t worry about $15.00, but respect."	0
"I bought this phone after my daughter got a BLU 5.0 phone.  I was very impressed by the features compared to the very competitive cost.  Well, now that I have mine, I LOVE it.  It is essentially a Samsung Galaxy at less than half the cost.  It is well built, easy to set up, unlocked so readily aligns to any provider service, and has a great display.    I especially like the 5.5 inch screen.  Several of my friends first teased me about how big it was compared to their I-phones, androids, etc.  But after playing with it a bit, seeing the display, holding in their hand for call, and playing a few games, all have come away with &quot;phone envy.&quot;  IMHO, this size is the perfect balance between easy-to-carry phone and a tablet-sized display for reading, watching videos, looking at photos, etc.  While wide, it&apos;s thin, and easily fits in any shirt pocket or pants pocket I want to carry it.  I also bought a belt case/carrier with a metal clip to hold it while I&apos;m at the gym and it works perfectly, too.  So far, the battery life is OK.  It comes with a 2250mAh battery that will take me through most of the day with moderate to heavy use.  I use it as a GPS unit (with the WAZE app) in the car and charge it while driving.  Mine came with a screen protector.  In the past, I generally toss these screen protectors in the trash for other phones/tablets.  Well, I gave this a try and it went on great, has crystal clarity, and has functioned very well.  I also purchased a hard-plastic shell/case.  This has worked superbly, comes on and off easily for cleaning, and shows no cracks or dings even though I have accidentally dropped the phone a couple of times.  I have not used the dual-SIM feature, but I think it would be very handy for anybody who does a lot of business on their phone while wanting to keep their personal number private -- it essentially gives the option to have two phone in one unit."	1
I bought this phone about a month ago and the product was excellent.It was much better than the seller describer also came with a few extras that was awesome. It works great I am very pleased with the qaulity of the phone. It was priced just right also :)	1
I bought this phone about a month ago and I&apos;m very impressed with it and so are people who sees me with it. This phone has a lot of features and I&apos;m very satisfied with it. I&apos;d recommefd it to anyone who is looking for a touchscreen phone that&apos;s not over priced	1
"I bought this phone about 7 months ago. The biggest problem I have had was battery life. After being fully charged, battery only lasts about 2 days. If phone is used more than normal, battery has to be charged daily! I tried to buy a new battery for phone but found it impossible to get as phone was not made for U.S. market. Sound quality is so-so and it is not user friendly as far as feature usage. All in all, I would say stay away from Siemens and go with Motorola or Nokia."	0
"I bought this phone a little over a year ago as a gently used phone.  It looked new when I received it, so it was as close to new as one could hope for.  In short, this has been my best cell phone ever...and I&apos;ve owned over a dozen.  I love being able to buy a GSM phone out of contract.  The user interface of the Windows phone is great and very intuitive.  It looks snazzy and even iPhone owners who look at my phone are impressed...some even a little jealous.  I&apos;m not app crazy, so maybe Microsoft doesn&apos;t have everything the apple store or google store offers, but there have been no shortage of apps for me.  After using this phone a couple months, I bought my wife and my son a Samsung Windows phone (Focus 2 and Focus), and they have been great, trouble free phones as well for about a year now.      The camera on this phone is really good.  Close up focusing is impressive.  I can get right up on stuff.  Color capture isn&apos;t as good as an actual good camera but nice for a phone.      Windows 8 is cool, but I honestly don&apos;t miss anything with this Windows 7 phone.  Save some cash and put a solid, trouble free phone in your pocket.     All that being said, here are a few points to mention:  Sometimes you can bump the search soft key on these Windows phones and be taken to Bing when you didn&apos;t mean to go there.  Also, a couple of times I have had to turn the phone off then on to get it out of silent mode, but that has been only a few times over 13 months.  Batgtery life is good, but when out of signal range it will eat up battery quicker when searching for a signal.  (I work in a dead-zone building.)"	1
"I bought this phone a couple of years ago and I believe I made the right decision. This cute phone has lasted best among all the models and brands that I have used. Apart from the usual user-friendly Nokia navigation, it has practically all the day-to-day features I need, great reception, clear sound, great music reproduction, and great camera for its class. I am looking to buy another Nokia 6233 on eBay."	1
"I bought this phone 4 months ago. Everything was good until it's battery has been dead. Last night I charge it fully upto  100% and when I woke up today morning, the battery was dead. What's the use of a phone whose battery doesn't even  last for a day? It really suckz...... Never buy this product.!!!!!! :X"	0
I bought this phone 2 months ago was told it was new when in fact it has a refurbished sticker on it when I took it out of the box. I kept the phone anyway since I needed a phone quickly now after 2 months it restarts itself constantly and will not stay on. Tried to message seller haven't heard anything back yet after 2 days 	0
"-I bought this phone 1 month ago,it is the worst phone i ever have! I expected to see many applications but unfortunately there are no applications to download!Require the vodafone account to use all of its features!    -I like the internal memory and the screen size, but sad enough the phone does not support multitasking record 720@30 fps in 3gpp not in mp4.    -To compare to other phone(from samsung), this phone performs poor!!"	0
I bought this particular phone because my mother&apos;s previous phone needed to be replaced. I found this one because it&apos;s exactly the same as the phone she had. We found that this phone is a most excellent replacement for the old phone.	1
I bought this Palm because I like the brand its so professional. The only thing I think may go wrong with this phone maybe the touch-screen as do most touch-screen phones. This phone is awesome and unlike iphone it doesn&apos;t seem like everyone has one because they are so complex.	1
I bought this Palm because I like the brand its so professional. The only thing I think may go wrong with this phone maybe the touch-screen as do most touch-screen phones. This phone is awesome and unlike iphone it doesn&apos;t seem like everyone has one because they are so complex.	1
"I bought this online because sometimes they're hard to find.  Like most basters I've owned, they leak.   What can you do?"	0
"I bought this mobile and im happy with it, as uesing and as a look.  the best thing it has the super softwear so nice and easy to use.  the mobile it has a lot of functions and optiones."	1
"i bought this item, because i want to give 7 send to my son in the philippines as my gift!thanks &amp; i hope that my love &amp; enjoy for this stuff."	1
"I bought this item over a month now and still I haven&apos;t gotten it.  I already reporting a complaint,"	0
I bought this item on a friday at 1:00 P.M and received the device the next week on tuesday.  I had no problems activating the phone with sprint.	1
I bought this item because Ive ad a blue phone before but this one is giving me a lot of trouble. It's dropping calls and the screen keeps blacking out. I'll charge it and it says 100% and when I take it off it drops to 50%. I'll never order another one of these phones or anything from eBay again. This whole process has been stressful. From me not receiving it on time to the product actually not working. I need a number for the company who sold this to see if I can get my money back!!!	0
I bought this item because I wanted it for my grandson. The price was very good and I thought it would make a great gift. I liked the look of it and the fact it had the mobile TV on it. I dislike the fact that the tv was FLO tv and was discontinued but was not mentioned in the description. If I had to buy it again I wouldnt. I could only get 911 on it and it never functioned properly.	0
"i bought this item a couple of months ago. i paid for it through paypal instantly after the purchase but i never received the phone.i emailed the seller several times without getting any response back except for very few emails...what made the transaction worse is that i was leaving with my army unit to iraq in 25 days after the purchase date,so i had no time to wait the seller to respond or resend me the item...25 days of waiting resulted in nothing and i had to ask the seller to cancel the transaction due to my trip to germany and then to iraq.when i was in germany, the seller promised me to refund me the full amount when he goes back over the trans. papers..its been about 30 days on that promise and i didn&apos;t get any refund from him, so i had to claim my money through paypal which is still processing the case..."	0
i bought this item 40 days ago.i payed it by paypal but the item never arrived to the address.	0
I bought this iphone and did not know that I can not update ios or download an apps. Just a waste of money. 	0
"I bought this iPhone 5c for a relative who lives in a group home. This replaces a Kyocera prepaid phone on Virgin Mobile. The 5C has excellent sound which makes it much easier to talk to my relative. We put our relative on our T-Mobile account which now has 6 people. We are saving about $40 per month over the previous Virgin Mobile plan. We were also able to get rid of a $20 landline. Because we bought this phone used, it will only take about 7 months to pay for itself. The 5C works on WIFI which is also a great plus. Finally the iPhone has proven to be much easier to use than the old Kyocera."	1
I bought this HTC Hero phone &amp; the phone had water damage to it. I had purchase the  cell phone for my son birthday. I had the phone for 2 months before i tried to turn it on still in the box until my son birthday came then i tried to get it activated the phone would not go pass the welcome screen. This seller sold me a broken item  i would love to   get my money back.	0
"I bought this for my wife so she could catch up to the 21st century. I like its simplicity, the best!"	1
I bought this for my son and I will admit it was better than paying $600 for a new one but I have had to shell out an extra $150 dollars to get this small dent fixed.  It was not a dent from being in your pocket it was because you had the screen replaced and didn't put the proper one on the phone.  Because of this we ran into many other problems which finally caused us to have to replace it to use the phone. That's why I gave you a low rating.  	0
I bought this for my husband who can be hard to please when it comes to electronics.  He loves the speed of the processor and the ease of operation.	1
"I bought this for my Godson Girlfriend  in Haiti and she says so far so good, didnt have do any extra Unlocked. It works well!!"	1
I bought this for my daughter and she loves it. Nice and sleek with a pretty turquoise strip running around the phone. No problems with the phone.	1
"I bought this for my brother's birthday, so I never opened it or tried to use it, I gave it to him today, it charges find, screen works good, but can Not get the Data to work, Data is turned on and I changed Sim cards even tried my Sim card in my phone, nothing, reset the phone, restarted 5 times, still can't get any data to work on the phone, 3 different Sim cards and no Data, and I triple checked to make sure the data was on each time for each Sim card, but nothing, didn't work with AT&T and Cricket or Verizon prepay,, looks like I will have to send it into Samsung "	0
I bought this for as a gift may be able to answer later on.	1
i bought this for a friend because i have one and it works great. it gets great reception and doesn&apos;t drop calls.	1
"I bought this for a friend as a starter &quot; smart phone&quot;. Even though it is unlocked, it couldn&apos;t be used. A complete waist of money for me. Don&apos;t buy any phone from a different carrier, unlocked or not."	0
I bought this for a back up phone and the 270 contacts couldnt for some reason be deleted ....i have tried and online and in store sprint representatives have tried with no luck	0
"i bought this device for my brother as a birthday gift, he is so happy with the device that i endup buying one for my self and i see that it is really a great phone. it is truly a great phone for a great price."	1
"i bought this celular phone because i have read a magazzine article, it said i one of better celeular phones"	1
"I bought this cellphone from wikiwoo from Louisville,Ky. This seller left all their text messages, and their phone list in the phone sold and sent it to me. I tried to text one of the people in the phone who had ask wikiwoo about paying someones phone bill and I tried to text another person who wikiwoo had told about her birthday and I tried to text another where they were talking about a mall.I never got a text back from them and at that time I knew something was wrong.I email wikiwoo for the first time and did not get a reply.  I can not get my text messages to work.I can&apos;t send a text. I can not receive text. I have been to two Cricket stores to have the phone checked to see why I can&apos;t get my text messages or send text messages. Each time I was in the stores for more than 30 minutes. Each store was not able to fix the phone. I email wikiwoo and got no reply from them. The phone is still not fixed and I had to get another phone. I waste my money on this one and I will NEVER buy again from this seller. wikiwoo I wish I had not bought from you and I advise others to check the name of the seller and not buy from you. It may be funny to you reading this but you will loose more than what you took from me wikiwoo. I know you knew this phone wasn&apos;t working, I feel it in my heart and that is why I got the phone so quickly and the reason you did not remove the phone list or text messages. You knew that phone wasn&apos;t working correctly and I have not bought from ebay since I couldn&apos;t get the phone to work correcly.Why did I not contact ebay and let them no this issue was not resolved, and that I had contacted this seller and got no reply, well I took the loss and went to AMAZON.COM. I GOT A BOMB DEAL FROM WIKIWOO DON&apos;T BUY FROM THIS SELLER. WATCH FOR THE NAME. IN CASE THEY CHANGE THE NAME THE LOCATION IS LOUISVILLE,KY. REMEMBER WIKIWOO wikiwoo wikiwoo shame on you! Ebay I&apos;m sure you read these messages because you sent me a message to send a review and this is it. wikiwoo made me change my habit of buying from ebay and ebay you know I have not bought anything else since this BOMB CELL PHONE!!!!! I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS SELLER TO ANYONE!!!!!!!!"	0
"I bought this cell to carry with me to costa rica, I charged the battery the first day, entered a few neccesary phone numbers, and on my second call the # 4 stopped working...the next day the #2 stopped working.....on day 3 I had to buy a new phone in costa rica....VERY disapointed with the product and the seller"	0
"I bought this cell to carry with me to costa rica, I charged the battery the first day, entered a few neccesary phone numbers, and on my second call the # 4 stopped working...the next day the #2 stopped working.....on day 3 I had to buy a new phone in costa rica....VERY disapointed with the product and the seller"	0
"I bought this cell phone for my daughter for Christmas.  I received it in the mail in great condition, inside it&apos;s origional box with manual and charger.  Great transaction, very satisfied!"	1
"I bought this cell phone because I had one like it that had a broken glass. This one had a perfect glass, came quickly, and was packaged beautifully."	1
"I bought this board; it arrived quickly (I'll give him that). When I started connecting it up to the phone, I noticed the WIFI antenna jack was missing from the board; I'm not going to accept a board that doesn't support WIFI, so I didn't even bother testing it further, there may have been other things wrong with it as well. I contacted him and explained, but he didn't want to deal with me. At first he didn't even understand what I said (or was playing dumb) and then he starts coming up with all kinds of excuses (some that don't even make sense), hoping that I would just go away. Getting him to take responsibility for the sale was like pulling teeth! I opened a case and he claimed that I tampered with the board and he refuses to take it back. Meanwhile, HIS OWN PICTURE IN THE AUCTION clearly shows that the jack is in fact missing!!!! Look for yourself; don't take my word for it. Ebay wound up ruling in my favor (Thank you Ebay!!).  I see someone else bought a logic board from this guy and left bad feedback, calling him a fraud. I didn't know what had transpired between him and his buyer because the space they give you to type is too small. Sometimes the buyer is the problem; perhaps they broke something and claimed it was broken to get another one free by taking advantage of the "	0
I bought this Blackberry mainly because the ad said it was flashed to MetroPCS. I received the phone quickly but when I received it it was locked &amp; the unlock password the seller sent me was the wrong password! This phone is with the Verizon network &amp; not MetroPCS! I am SOOOO disapointed with this purchase! Buyers please be very cautious when you purchase a phone that supposedly is &apos;&apos;flashed&apos;&apos; to MetroPCS. You are better off in the long run buying an original MetroPCS phone. Now I&apos;m stuck with a phone that I can&apos;t use or end up spending more money trying to have the Blackberry flashed to MetroPCS. What a total waste of money!!!	0
I bought this because my old S3 was acting up.  It just made sense since the price was so good and I know this phone is to my liking.	1
I bought this because it&apos;s a good old fashioned simple mobile and i&apos;m a workman who needs a cheap phone in case i break it!	1
"I bought this because it was fairly priced, and simple for my wife to use. I had a problem with the way the phone book entries went into the phone. So I called motorola and told them about the problem and gave them information on this phone that was supposed to be brand new, but it turned out the phone was out of warranty. I tried to contact the seller numerous times the same day, the next day, and the next day,and got no answer so it look like I&apos;m stuck with this phone."	0
"I bought this because it was fairly priced, and simple for my wife to use. I had a problem with the way the phone book entries went into the phone. So I called motorola and told them about the problem and gave them information on this phone that was supposed to be brand new, but it turned out the phone was out of warranty. I tried to contact the seller numerous times the same day, the next day, and the next day,and got no answer so it look like I&apos;m stuck with this phone."	0
"I bought this as my primary phone to REPLACE a smartphone.  Yeah, that&apos;s right, I&apos;m one of those people.  I love the idea of a smartphone&apos;s features but it proved impractical.      This little flip phone has all the features I need (with the possible exception of voice dialing) and is much easier to use during conversations in the car because of the physical buttons; bluetooth works just fine. The battery life is much much better than anything I could get with a smartphone (though not quite as  good as some LG models I&apos;ve had). I get a little over a week out of each charge. A full keyboard would be nice, but I don&apos;t text that often and I&apos;m part of the crowd that still knows how to use T9.  It&apos;s held up well enough after 6 months, but is easily replaceable if need be.  Overall, an excellent purchase."	1
"I bought this as a replacement for a damage phone, this item is not old and will not work with new sym cards. Seller told me to call my carrier, who told me puting as up todate sym card in this phone was like putting a Model-T engine into a new car. DO not purchase!"	0
I bought these for my little brother and sister to play with. They work great and were in even better condition than described. Would definitely buy again!! 	1
"I bought the Zio as a replacement for the Sprint PPC-6700, which lost its software support earlier this year for Windows Mobile 5.0.  The Zio comes with android 2.1, now downloads &quot;froyo&quot; 2.2 upon activation, and will probably receive &quot;gingerbread&quot; 3.0 by July 4th.  Although technically this is not a 4G phone, it has all the features of 4G made available by the frequent android platform updates, save 4G network speed (which in itself is still a work-in-progress).  I have all the apps and features of 4G phones, including wifi hotspot creation (even though I need an update to 802.11n protocol).  The clock speed of the Zio processor is 667 Mhz, about 67% of the top-of-the-line 1 Ghz processors for many 4G phones (but not all of them).  A 3.2 MP camera, 2 GB memory card, hdmi connectivity, and a wvga color screen round-out the feature set of the Zio.  Given its $250 price tag without a sprint contract, and its 3Q 2010 release, sprint positioned this phone to take up the slack for an incomplete 4G rollout last year.  Maybe in another 2 years, Sprint will complete its 4G rollout coverage to outerlying areas, particularly my home.  In the meantime, my enhanced 3G phone with duplicate, if not staggered, android updates, will have to do."	1
"I bought the Sony Ericsson X8 three weeks ago and I love it. It works like a dream especially when you&apos;ve gotten used to everything. It&apos;s a great phone to have and carry around. It&apos;s very unique since no one around here has an unlock phone. Great phone to have, but I am looking forward to upgrade it to the X10 since the X8 is nice but a little small."	1
"I bought the Sharp TM150 (T-Mobile) one month ago and it works ok on this expensive phone.  My complaint is that the seller is not honest, I am regret to find that the cell condition and accessories did not match what was put in the item description in Ebay!     From the item description( please see the attachment),  it said the item like a new and just used for one month, you are the original owner. but on the cell phone I received from you I found a lot of scrach, It looks it had been used at least more than one year.     Second, from the item description, It supposed to come with manual and ear peace, but I just got the cell phone, charger and SD card. Overall, I&apos;d recommend that never buy anything from the seller: H S CLOTHING SHOPPE."	0
i bought the samsung SCH U340 its was cheap and a good phone til i get my new phone thats about it thank you	1
"I bought the Samsung propel 763  about a month ago and was very disappointed. It came locked to AT&amp;T , I got the unlocked code and tried to open it and it phone freezed. I called samsung to tried and rectify the problem and they told me that the phone was locked by the carrier so I would have to call AT&amp;T. I then call AT&amp;T who redirected me back to Samsung, telling me that it is a fault with the maker of the phone and not with the service provider. I once again called Samsung who tried to solved the problem over the phone, but was unable to. Samsung then gave me a R.M.A # and told me to send the phone to them, which I did. I am still waiting to hear from them."	0
"I bought the Samsung propel 763  about a month ago and was very disappointed. It came locked to AT&amp;T , I got the unlocked code and tried to open it and it phone freezed. I called samsung to tried and rectify the problem and they told me that the phone was locked by the carrier so I would have to call AT&amp;T. I then call AT&amp;T who redirected me back to Samsung, telling me that it is a fault with the maker of the phone and not with the service provider. I once again called Samsung who tried to solved the problem over the phone, but was unable to. Samsung then gave me a R.M.A # and told me to send the phone to them, which I did. I am still waiting to hear from them."	0
I bought the Samsung D357 about three weeks ago and I was impressed with shape the phone was in. It was almost brand new. I gave to someone as gift and they also enjoy all the feature such as bluetooth and realmusic ringtones. It was a wonderful purchase and i have not had any complaints from it. I would recommend the phone for a child that doesnt need a camera.	1
I bought the refurbished phone thinking it work like a new one but it does not stay charged but about 3 hrs. I then b ok ugh the a brand new battery thinking that could be the problem but NO! It doesn't stay charged any longer . Very unsatisfied!!!	0
I bought the product since the 18th and its 27th now the seller has not shipped the product let alone replying my email.	0
I Bought the product recently. A month later the battery was swollen.	0
"I bought the phone. Because in my mind, when it comes as new that it would work perfectly, but the damn thing wont even come on."	0
I bought the phone through this seller. It took forever to shipped. It said unlock but it only include R chip to put in the phone and it didnt work. I also tried to return the item but the seller decline the return request. 	0
"I bought the Phone three weeks ago and was immediately impressed with the number of features available on this inexpensive phone. It has a 1M-pixel camera, video camera, and speakerphone. The NewPhone&apos;s size is perfect for carrying in a pocket and the battery has a pretty good lifespan of roughly 4 hours. My only complaint is that the menu system on the phone makes you click four times before you can find someone in the address book, set an alarm, or perform a additional functions. Other phones I&apos;ve owned have simpler menus and get you to important features easily. Overall, I&apos;d recommend the phone if you&apos;re on a budget."	1
I bought the phone thinking it was a sprint phone as you can tell by the words &quot;sprint&quot; on the phone.  I took the phone to sprint and they informed me that the phone had been flashed to use on another carrier. I was misled by the seller.  I was under the impression I was buying a phone that I could use on the Sprint network.   What a waste of money.  That was my first and last Ebay purchase.	0
"I bought the phone that is posted. The battery does not hold a charge , the battery is bad and this person does not want to state that it has a faulty battery so if you buy this phone be prepared to replace the battery."	0
I bought the phone for the camera which was supposed to be 12 megapixels. But I never got to use it because all of the apps and instructions were in Japanese. I finally got some to read English but most of it was still in Japanese. So I really didn't get to test it but I guess it's a pretty good phone. It just doesn't fit my needs. There should be a way that it comes in the native language to the country it is sent to. Send it back and got a quick refund so kudos to the seller.	0
I bought the phone for my neice. the phone was very dirty. We were actually under the impression the phone was new. It was used but that&apos;s not the problem. it wasn&apos;t clean. It also is not compatiable with her sim card. She had a nextel phone before. and this is a nextel phone so we are not sure what happened. overall it looks like i have to figure out how to return the phone.	0
I bought the phone for my daughter and she loves it.  The first phone we had to send back and we received the replacement phone almost immediately.	1
i bought the phone for my bhusband for chrismas he really likes thr phone and it was such a great buy abd we received the phone sooner than i thjought so i went ahed and let him open the phonw wRLY	1
"I bought the phone for a replacement because of the price.  I received the phone and it didn&apos;t work.  I sent it back to the seller who was gonna replace it with another hpefully working phone.  After a week I still hadn&apos;t recieved the new one so I had to call the seller again, who advised me they didn&apos;t have another phone to send me.  So they refunded my money."	0
"I bought the phone because it was a great price. Unfortunately, I didn&apos;t pay attention to the carrier, which was US Cellular. They are the most unhelpful liars I have EVER encountered. They are a terrible company.     I begrudgingly sold the phone, just to get away from them"	1
"I bought the phone because I was unfamiliar with androids, and this phone was the least expensive.  It is a great little starter phone for anyone who has never had an android.  Everything is easy to use and figure out, but I don&apos;t like the fact there is no instrucion book so you have to go online to check out the features.  However, it seems to be the trend now to not have instruction books included, so this is still a great phone for the money."	1
"I bought the phone because I simply wanted a nice phone for basic usage.  It is thin, light weight, and looks great.  The reception is terrific, the volume is good, the camera works well, etc.  I&apos;m very pleased with it and would purchase it again."	1
I BOUGHT THE PHONE BECAUSE I NEEDED TO REPLACE MY MOTOROLLA RAZOR FROM CINGULAR. PHONE FACE WAS EXTREMELY SCRATCHED. VERY USED.   PHONE DOES WORK.	0
I bought the phone based on the features and that is was practically brand new and never activated.  The shipping was really fast.  My step son loves the look and all the features.	1
"I bought the phone and wanted to connect my contacts to it and found it it is locked for one year, then I can switch over after the year is over. I want to use it now, not later."	0
I bought the phone and then sold it again.  When I got the phone it had old phone numbers and other information from the previece owner.  I could have taken it to a Nextel dealer but there is not one close to my home and that is such a pain in the butt.  It was kindof hard to use not like a regular cell phone.  The over all rating is a 4 out of 10.	0
"I bought the original at a ATT store about 6 months ago but jumped in the lake with it last month. ATT has stopped selling it and Samsung does not make that model anymore.  I don&apos;t want to learn to use another phone because I liked the A517.  I use the memory card for my music when I work out and the speaker is ok for just listening in a quiet place.  So EBAY came to the rescue and I was able to get one without any hassles within a week.  BTW, I was able to save all my numbers on the sim card so always save your numbers there instead of on the phone."	1
I bought the Nokia 6800 and the phone was really cool in okay shape but   my only complaint that i had with the phone was that the phone was not unlocked   and the ebay seller told me it was a cingular and coming to find out the cell phone had a AT&amp;T sim card and not to mention  the sim card was locked also   therefore i had no use for the cell phone the selller stalled at communicating   with me when i told her i wanted my money back so it went downhill from there. that was my only problem with the nokia 6800 otherwise it is a great   cell phone	0
"I bought the NewPhone a few weeks ago and was immediately impressed with the number of features available on this inexpensive phone. It has a 1M-pixel camera, video camera, and speakerphone. The NewPhone&apos;s size is perfect for carrying in a pocket."	1
"I bought the NewPhone  one week ago and was immediately impressed with the number of features available on this inexpensive phone. It has a 1M-pixel camera, video camera, and speakerphone. The NewPhone&apos;s size is perfect for carrying in a pocket and the battery has a pretty good lifespan of roughly 4 hours. My only complaint is that the menu system on the phone makes you click four times before you can find someone in the address book, set an alarm, or perform a additional functions. Other phones I&apos;ve owned have simpler menus and get you to important features easily. Overall, I&apos;d recommend the phone if you&apos;re on a budget."	1
I bought the New Phone Sony Ericsson W800 Walk man three weeks ago and was immediately impressed with the number of features available on this inexpensive phone	1
"I bought the New Phone 2 weeks ago and was  impressed with the number of features available on this inexpensive phone. The NewPhone&apos;s size is perfect for carrying in a pocket and the battery has a pretty good lifespan of roughly 3 days. My only complaint is that it is a little slow when going into settings or the menue. Other phones I&apos;ve owned have quicker menus and get you to important features easily. Overall, I&apos;d recommend the phone if you&apos;re on a budget. All in all the phone is great for not having to commit to another contract with AT&amp;T. Perfect for now. Thanks."	1
"I bought the motorola k1m krzr cell phone because I like the razors an I thought that I would like this one too, but that wasn&apos;t the case. When I purchased the phone the seller said it was brand new but it was refurbished. There was a big fingure print indentation on the screen from when they put it together, the speaker phone button fell off, and the part were it opens an closes is loose. I&apos;m not pleased with the phone I bought at all! I think that if it was brand new it wouldn&apos;t have these problems. I suggest that ebay should make the sellers say that the phone is refurbished. So that the buyer knows what there getting them self&apos;s into.Oh ya an the chareger connection on the phone is messed up too, sometimes it charges an other times it doesn&apos;t. An not all motorola chargers work with it! You have to guess on that one."	0
I bought the Huawei Ascend M860 - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone because Metro PCS does not sell it anymore.I really love it and I was very surprise how it looks &quot;Brand New&quot;. The price was right and I got it right away.  I am so happy that I bought it and I will recommended buying anything from this vendor.	1
I bought the &quot;new&quot; phone Nokia 7360. First of all it took 2 weeks to get the phone.Second the box wasn&apos;t original and looks horrible. The same phone byitself look like made in China.If you want to buy cheep Chinese fake  these guys for you. Never ever use.	0
I bought that phone that it is not what I expected and I could not return it because the seller didn't give the option to return the item.	0
"I bought Sony Xperia phone z5 in auction, phone was shipped to me and I saw there is no sim card tray in phone. Without SIM card tray this phone is useless. Seller sent me some dummy earphones, sounds worst. When I ping seller via eBay, no response at all. "	0
I bought Sony Ericsson T237 (AT&amp;T) but the battery life is very poor. Battery eats up the charge in 2/3 hrs even if I don&apos;t use the phone. I have to go and purchase another phone or battery. This phone is useless.	0
I bought s6 edge plus ftom this man and I can say only the best..	1
"i bought rim blackberry 7290 (at&amp;t) some weeks ago, and note book, as write to you now both iterms are not in good condition,am surpraise about ebay, selling things like that i have a friend call Janet Adu-boahen she also said she bought blackberry 8320 from ebay it cost her $160.00 like 4 weeks now the 8320 blackberry  is is not working when some one call her the phone dont ring you will only see miss call. for the matter she stop using it.you have to be carefull with things you sell on line or ebay, i always disagree with people when they talk about ebay but now i have confirm what they have been saying.  thanks stephen"	0
"i bought phone  november 27,2010. i got the phone  january 17, 2011. the phone does not work.   wendell bond"	0
"I bought one of this Note 4, a black one  The Note 4 I got was refurbished !!! With the app ""Phone INFO *Samsung*"" from Vndnguyen you can do a ""Refurbishment Check"" it say about my phone: ""WARNING: Manufacturing Date does not match with the Serial Number"" + Marshmallow was installed = Did not exist when this phone was manufactured !!  Incorrectness with my Note 4: # Phone box was wrapped in shrink plastic = Never have my earlier bought Samsung phones here in Sweden had shrink plastic around the box  The box security seals ( from Samsung ?) was not broken = The seller replied to me they always check the phones so they are okey before they ship them = So the seller have authorization/permission from Samsung to mount new security seals and, after that, shrink plastic the box ? + The box outer middle stripe should correspond to phones color my Black phone should have a Black striped box, it have a White striped box !!  Inside the box = Charger was not a fast charger !! = This was a big selling point with this phone !! + The earphones had the worst sound quality I have heard since the 70's !! + The left earphone have a loose part inside that rattles + No different sizes silicon plugs was included so the earphones does not stay in my ears !! + The tool and extra tip for the S-Pen was"	0
I bought one of these. Just received and checked it out by running water but it was not resisting like the original one. not worth of buying. 	0
I bought one of these phones for my daughter for Christmas and it was dead within 5 months. My daughter wanted another one just like it and I found on on ebay for a reasonable price. The second phone died just over a month. Please don&apos;t waste your money on this phone. My daughter had it in a hard plastic case at all times.	0
"I bought one of these in February 2015 and it worked like a champ till August 2016 when the battery started dying early, screen went white.  I decided to keep it as another little device for maps, camera, etc.  Bought another LG Optimus from eBay, $26.95 with shipping.  This one holds a battery charge for 24 hours and dies.  Screen has often gone white.  Notified the seller, he said it's up to Tracfone to back up the warranty.  Notified Tracfone and they said they do not honor warranties from sellers on eBay and such, very sorry.  I'll keep it for the rare times I use a phone and keep the charger handy.  Actually, 18 months for the first one isn't a great deal, even though the phone was only $20.  There's enough junk in land fills to keep from adding junk like these phones."	0
"I bought one of these from this seller and it was as described, 9 out of 10 condition. Very small number of very small very inconspicuous flaws, some of which were not detected until after multiple close examinations.  Software appears to be fully stock never rooted."	1
"I bought one of these from our carrier for my wife after I bought a G2 for myself. Her phone rocked. It is the most user friendly phone (for a hardware ""hacker"" (half-a**ed anyway)) that can be completely taken apart and parts are plug-in, not soldered in. So, when my G2 stopped being so wonderful I bought this one for myself. $85.00. Checked it out for a few days and then bought another one for my son (he had a Fire phone which was also going a little wonky. So now we have 3 LG G4s. If they break I can order parts and fix them at the dinner table. Who could ask for more.  If you care: the G4 allows up to 128 GB micro sd card. These guys were extremely clean and have been with us now for over a month without any issues. Arrived in a timely manner with all the advertised bits and bobs. This was a fantastic deal, but you might not want to buy one because I am thinking about buying another one just in case we need a backup;)>"	1
"I bought one of the T39m&apos;s sold from Hong Kong around 2007-01-01.  I&apos;ve never owned a so-called real T39m, but I don&apos;t see obvious problems with fabrication quality, and it does find the network and have decent reception.  There are stories on the web about poor reliability of T28 and T39m when they were originally sold, and also it sounds like Ericsson&apos;s repair shop in the old days was thoroughly incompetent, frustrating lots of people.      And if it&apos;s true these are ``fake&apos;&apos; chinese phones, clearly they have access to Ericsson&apos;s software and production lines, so much of what once made these phones so amazing is still there.  but...I doubt the story.  My phone came with R2G firmware (press &gt;*&lt;&lt;*&lt;*), and the latest is R4A or R4B.  Wouldn&apos;t a ``fake&apos;&apos; phone use the latest firmware?  secondly, the KRC code at the top of my sticker, ``KRC 114 1425&apos;&apos;, 114 is a phone originally sold SIM-locked in Thailand.  so I guess they are using plausibly-fake serial number stickers, too?  no, it&apos;s too congruent.    _THAT SAID_, the microphone is too quiet.  The other party always complains.  It is such a big problem I have switched back to my T28.  It&apos;s a show-stopper for someone who&apos;s buying a phone like this---someone who wants ``a phone that&apos;s just a phone, but a damn good one.&apos;&apos;  And this is suspicious, because the T28 has the same microphone exactly.  In fact, I thought ``maybe it is a chinese case but Ericsson guts, and the microphone is part of the case, so they substituted some arbitrary garbage like they always do.&apos;&apos;  I swapped the microphone for one removed from the flip of a genuine T28.  still quiet.  Maybe they corrupted some audio calibration while unlocking it?    Second, the Bluetooth doesn&apos;t work.  At first I thought it was just some ``profile compatibility&apos;&apos; garbage because I was trying laptops or crappy Motorola headsets, but I bought an Ericsson CAR-100 which is definitely on the compatibility list, and it won&apos;t pair.  I have no idea how they managed to break the Bluetooth.  (yes, the AVR and ARM firmwares do match.)    so.  in short, there are a lot of wild rumors and a lot of Chinese-hating flying around about this latest batch of suspicious T39m&apos;s.  I think the speculation is largely just silly.  However, I still wonder where so many are coming from!  And AFAICT there are real, show-stopping problems with this batch of T39m&apos;s (unless they all had much worse microphones than the T28 and fantasy-bluetooth only).  sorry."	0
I bought new lg g2 for 318 $ and gifted to my friend. she says it is not working properly. We trust ebay sellers and spend huge amounts. How can you send defective mobile? now how can i trust sellers and make future transactions in ebay?	0
"I bought my &quot;MINT CONDITION&quot; Refurbished phone from Wireless Bliss and when I got it in the mail I was very excited. That excitement did not last very long though! The BATTERY this seller sent with my phone was a knock off brand, not samsung. And it had a large dent in it and never charged enough to even turn my phone on!(TALK ABOUT FRUSTRATION!!) I tried to call the seller with the number that had been supplied in the shipping box and the number was disconnected. Then I tried to go to the seller&apos;s ebay store to contact them and their store did not exist! I have written that I want a return and still have not heard from Wireless Bliss. PLEASE if you want to buy a good phone, don&apos;t use this seller, you will be JUST AS SICK AND DISAPPOINTED AS I AM!! HUGE WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY!!!!!!"	0
I bought mine second hand. It's a great value with the speed and response I need. I don't know what small form factor means but the large screen with the same performance as my HTC M9 is what I was looking for. I got It and much more	1
"I bought mine direct from bestbuy and i am so happy with my purchase. It was on sale for 499. It came without the original box but the accessories were included. What a great savings! I didn't see any dents, scratches, chips or anything. It just looks brand new. Am planning to unlock this as this is locked for ATT. Performance wise, i never ran into hiccups or anything unusual with this phone. Battery life was normal. Save yourself some money. "	1
"I bought it to play music in my shop via my WIFI.  It does work, but some of the apps I wanted are  incompatible, plus the ones that do work keep stopping and having to be restarted.  Not really good for this use.  Be wary, the phone started locking up and having to be restarted (remove battery, disconnect charger).  I returned it within the allotted period and was charged a $4.00 (25% of item price) restocking fee for a faulty item, plus Ebay charged a $4.30 shipping fee."	0
I bought it refurbished. It looks new!	1
I bought it on june 1st for 100.00 and it stopped working 2 weeks later.  It was never dropped and it never got wet.  I contacted the seller that i bought it from and they pretty much said oh well...the sale was final and i am out 100.00 and a phone.  So i guess my first and only experience buying something on ebay was horrible and i seriously doubt if i ever purchase anything off of here again.  I am aware that it isnt fully ebays fault for the phone it was the sellers and i guess it just taught me that if something seems too good to be true it is!!!!	0
"I bought it in February. I had an error on it so sprint prepaid told me to do a master reset. Now it says the Android isnt working. Took it to the store to see if they can fix it, they tell me i have to pay $75.00 just for them to look at it. I didnt pay anything. I call the company again and the representative told me i need to pay $25.00 then they will mail me a new one. What do you do when your only making ends meat? The company was not willing to work with me. My suggestion is dont buy this phone."	0
"I bought it for my husband since his screen shattered on his phone and when I got it in the mail it had 4 big cracks in the screen. This was the old cricket phone so when I tried to hook it up I couldn&apos;t so it was a wast of money and time to buy it, especially since it was a broken phone!"	0
"i bought it for my daughter for a pre pay account but this phone is old tech. no one will service the account,to old of a phone......great paper weight though.."	0
I bought it for my 11 year old son because it seems very sturdy.  We think it was the right choice.He loves the design of the phone   and the colors that were available were very modern.	1
"I bought it for a cousin, and the second day, he called me, because he went out on vacation to costa rica, he said all the board bottoms were off, I send e-mails and they did not say anything...."	0
I bought it due to price and reputation. Now let me talk about the great service. Any idiot can give good service when things go right. The cream rises to the top when things go wrong as it did with my order. I got the phone in a timely and speedy manner. I opened it and it didn&apos;t work. I emailed Green Earth and the return was handled quickly and I got my new phone PDQ. I will use them again.	1
i bought it cause i need a new phone worked excellent everything no need to buy a new sim car cause it works with the one i have the only thing i didnt like is that i had to buy a new battery but appart of that i made a great deal.i decide to buy it case i need a new phone more advanced in some features and for the look	1
"I bought it because the item description said that cell phone has unlocked quad band, 1.3mpx camera and other things.  I paid inmediatly, the item was sent about a week later and I receive it a three or four weeks later.  Surprise!, I receive a dual sim phone with dual band (900/1800Mhz) and 0.3mpx camera (VGA).  I do not write about the problem with the seller, I do not want to lost my time in this topic.    The phone has a dual led lamp very useful (we have many electric faults in my country in the night), has a radio with incorporated antena that I use for news on my work, because in my country we have many problems of delinquency and we need to stay informed any time.  The cell phone works fine only with 900mhz frequency sim available in my country.  In my country exist also operators with 850mhz and 1900mhz bands (not with 1800mhz band), the cell phone do not work with this bands.  The phone is average quality in materials and the battery life is average too, my problem with this phone is the bands and poor camera (0.3mpx is not same 1.3mpx).  The phone would be an excellent tool for me, if he had complied with the features that the ad said it was, obviously not quite meet all my needs, so I&apos;ll have to discard when you have enough money to replace it."	0
"I bought it because it was cheap and in decent condition. Phone works fine, had wear and tear like described."	1
i bought it because i needed but i couldn&apos;t see clear by the photos how damage the item was so i was very desapoiment with my purchase	0
"I bought it as a replacement phone for a friend. It is loved by both of us! I liked the fact that it came with the battery and was in my price range. It is not the high tech to do, but, it doesn&apos;t matter because it will still serve it&apos;s purpose! Love the phone!"	1
I bought it as a gift with case it's great 	1
I bought it as a gift for my daughter.  She wanted it based on the features and size.  She uses it as her mp3 player as well. She says that it is easy to text with. She loves the phone and it works well for her.	1
"I bought iPhone. in perfect working order! very much the seller! seller helpful, just get in touch. quickly help solve the problem! all very recovered"	1
I bought Huaweria x u9000 for my personal use. I would say that this is AWESOME!!! excelent mobile. cheap and well-working. It arrived very fast an i am very pleased with this product. if i had money i would buy it again. when i showed it to my friends they were very surprised and wanted to buy it for themselves as well. this phone is very nice and most important it is very cheap.	1
"I bought his phone to replace one I was having trouble with. To begin, it was supposed to be NEW when it arrived, but unfortunately was a reconditioned phone...IE, used !! After activation, it seemed like the microphone in the mouthpiece was defective whereas nobody could hear me on the other end of the phone except when I spoke extreme LOUDLY !! I called back the supplier, but no additional phones like this were available so I returned to sender for a refund. Not happy !!!"	0
i bought from this supposed place thinking my phone was going to be useable when this company or person or persons knew that it was not scanned or useable but sold the product anyway and refuse returns. I think this sounds fraudulent and the phone devices might be stolen. I do not know for sure. I never ever want to deal with a company like this who sells people stuff that is messed up or not functioning at all brand new or not. You knew this and still sold it to people. This is wrong and scandolous and you should be dealt with.  Scamming people is wrong and selling them products that they cannot use is messed up. The product was brand new but you cannot use it. The intended use for this product is to make calls not emails and a dead paper weight. Very unsatisfied and feel cheated out of money i deserve to get back. Even if you described it as not been scanned it sounds suspicious and untrustworthy. If this is how a business is run. Consider the better business bureau and others getting involved so stop selling things that cannot be used or damaged period. 	0
I bought from this seller before i like the product and when i bought another phone i went back to this seller.and shipping was free and it arrived fast	1
I bought from this seller and found it not new. 	0
"I bought from Bidallies a &quot;fully refurbished&quot; phone and when I received it, it would not charge.  I contacted Bidallies and was told to return the phone for a replacement.  Of course, I had to pay S&amp;H myself, even though they were at fault.  I received the replacement phone, and it will not charge either!  I DO NOT RECOMMEND BUYING A CELL PHONE FROM BIDALLIES UNLESS YOU INTEND TO INCUR FURTHER EXPENSES RETURNING AND/OR HAVING TO REPAIR THE PHONE YOURSELF!"	0
i bought for used in mexico when come back i keep but this phone is bad not good you are calling and the calls drop any time iam calling and later got strange noisise signal is not good phone is bad	0
I bought for my kids to use as an iPod but I didnt realize what the software 7 version meant. The seller did I guarantee it. It means it isnt supported anymore. You cant download any apps to it. They mostly all require iOS 9 or higher. This phone shouldnt be sold to anyone  and the fact that the seller doesnt accept returns shows that he knows hes selling a useless piece of equipment. 	0
"I bought for my brother as a senior friendly phone .  However, although the phone was new, it would not connect to provider network.  Roaming mode was all it would do and he could not receive or make calls.  He couldnt use it. We were able to get a full refund from seller though. "	0
I bought five item from the seller and everything was just perfect and accurate great seller fast delivery even though he doesnt charge you for shipping I highly recommend	1
I bought an iPhone from this seller and canceled last minute when it was suppose to be mailed. I was refunded but would be cautious instead of wasting your time. 	0
"I bought an iPhone 7 case and received an iPhone 6plus glass cover, the seller doesn't even refund not sends me another case the correct case,very y bad customer s ervice skills "	0
I bought an iPhone 5c. They never intended to sell. Never mailed it out. Filled a report with eBay. 	0
"I bought an iPhone 4s but the seller send an iPhone 4, which is different in technology and price. Later on, I got arrogant response from the seller and menacing too. And still today I get negative and menacing comment from him"	0
"I bought an additional NEC 525 HD, as a back up of my two existing phones (one is my wifes&apos;).  After three years, the batteries still carriy a 4-day charge (down from 6) and they work great on the AT&amp;T Wireless / Cingular / back to AT&amp;T Wireless network.  The only thing that is not up to date is the lack of a mini SD card slot (can not increase storage), and does not take video (only pictures).  Other than that it is a great phone, and with the data cable and supplied software you can sync with your computer.  Also you can surf the internet / text message / e-mail / instant messenger."	1
"I bought an additional NEC 525 HD, as a back up of my two existing phones (one is my wifes&apos;).  After three years, the batteries still carriy a 4-day charge (down from 6) and they work great on the AT&amp;T Wireless / Cingular / back to AT&amp;T Wireless network.  The only thing that is not up to date is the lack of a mini SD card slot (can not increase storage), and does not take video (only pictures).  Other than that it is a great phone, and with the data cable and supplied software you can sync with your computer.  Also you can surf the internet / text message / e-mail / instant messenger."	1
"I bought a used one through ebay for $35.00.  I had to return the first one because no one could hear me.  I am not totally happy with this phone, either.  I still do not know how to delete a phone number from my contact list.  Scrolling through my contacts is very difficult.  I finally realized I should use a pen.  However, this morning I scratched the screen with a pen.  It is also difficult to answer the phone."	0
"I bought a used Nokia 6360 AT&amp;T wireless cell phone with charger about a month and a half ago. I was pretty disappointed because it didn&apos;t look like the picture. It was much longer than a typical cell phone, very old and pretty battered.  The sad part is that it was my very first EBay purchase.  It didn&apos;t leave the best taste in my mouth, however, I may still make a future purchase someday on EBay."	0
I bought a Sony phone from this seller at a high price and said the phone was new but when the phone screen was broken and opened to fix it I was surprised that the phone was open before and its parts are old and there is a screw missing and the battery is very old and scratches	0
"I bought a Samsung Galaxy S5 phone that was listed as ""New Factory Unlocked"". When I received it, it was in fact a Verizon phone Un-locked. I wrote a review on ebay and stated that how come a Verizon phone be a 'Factory Unlocked'?. Immediately Nancy (Client Satisfaction Manager) from Laptopaid emailed me that she will bribe me 30$ and told me to change the review to positive.  After three days, the phone screen turned Greenish-Yellow. Showing it has been refurbished. I returned it to Laptopaid, they sent me 30$ less for the actual amount. They wasted my 3 weeks. They use unfair means to turn their negative and true reviews to positive ones. Please beware of their high points on Ebay.  Thanks."	0
i bought a pre paid phone for a good price and it is a goog phone and it is workin g very well  thank jc.	1
I bought a phone thru this &quot;vendor&quot; and I havnt recvd it . I left a message and didnt recive a response. I think they might have taken the money without sending me anything.	0
I bought a phone them and it does NOT work. Tried e-mailing them over and over NEVER got a response!!! 	0
"I bought a phone off of this seller and he would not send it to me and still took my money, i eneded up filing a case with ebay to get my money back"	0
I bought a phone it looks like it been in water it said it has a front and rear facing camera it dont the phone was supposed to be like new it was nowhere near looking it came in dirty stuff stuck all over the screen im very disappointed in this purchase i got for my child	0
I BOUGHT A PHONE FROM THIS SELLER AND HAD PROBLEMS WITH MY CARD SO IT WAS DELAYED IN PAYING FOR THIS ITEM...BUT THE SELLER TRIED AND PLAY GAMES WITH SHIPPING IT OUT AFETR I PAID FOR IT.THEY SAID I WOULD RECEIVE IT BY THE 19TH BUT I DIDNT SO I REQUESTED A REFUND BECAUSE I WENT OUT AND BOUGHT ME ONE...  THE SELLER ISNT CORRESPONDED AT ALL...I WOULD NEVA ORDER ANOTHE ITEM FROM THIS SELLER..THEY VERY UNPROFESSIONAL IN BUSINESS....I SENT THEM A MESSAGE AND THEY REPLIED WITH NEGATIVE FEEDBACK....BECAUSE I WAS LATE IN PAYING THEY DECIDE TO MAKE ME WAIT ON MI PHONE...HOW LOW DOWN IS THAT WHEN WE HAD ALREADY TALKED ABOUT WAT HAPPEN WIT MI CARD.....WELL I REQUESTED MY REFUND AND THEY SAID THEY GONNA MAKE ME WAIT JUST AS LONG AS THEY HAD TO WAIT TO RECEIVE THE PAYMENT....  WOULDNT BUY FROM THEM NEVER AGAIN	0
I bought a phone from this seller and before I bought it I called him and asked if anything was wrong with the phone he said nothing was wrong. I got the phone a few days after I paid for it which made me very happy except when I tried to use the phone it was not getting signal it kept cutting off. I took it to a shop and when they opened the phone up it had some sticky brown liquid in the inside on the motherboard. The shop said that it was not repairable and that I needed to get my money back. Don&apos;t buy this Motorola I885 it has liquid damage and the seller knows exactly what is wrong with it don&apos;t fall for it like I did also when I told him it was broken he tried to play dumb and that he didn&apos;t know nothing was wrong with it don&apos;t be a fool like I was.	0
I bought a phone from this person. They shipped it fast and it works great...I would so buy from this person again. Thank you	1
I bought a nokia e66 but is not working.I do not know exactlly what is the problem but i do not have signal most of the times. the camera and video module is not working as well.	0
"I bought a Nokia 5130 phone, a shit phone.  wired headphones do not work, bluetooth headphones are not connected.  just threw away the money"	0
"I BOUGHT A MOTOSLVR L6 END OF SEPTEMBER FROM THIS SELLER....HOWEVER WHEN I RECEIVED THE PHONE IT WAS A BROKE PHONE THAT WOULD NOT POWER ON AFTER CHARGE....THEY TOLD ME TO SEND THE OTHER PHONE BACK FOR EXCHANGE DID SO THEY TOLD ME AFTER A WHOLE MONTH THEY STILL HAVE NEVER RECEIVED THE PHONE BACK....SO THEY SAID THEY WOULD SEND OUT ANOTHER PHONE ON NOVEMBER 1, TODAY IS THE 22ND OF NOVEMBER AND I HAVE NOT RECEIVED A PHONE I BELIEVE MY MONEY HAS BEEN TAKEN....I DONT RECOMMEND YOU BUY FROM THIS SELLER BECAUSE ITS PROBLEMS FROM THE START.....BROKE PHONES.......MONEY GRABBERS...WATCH OUT....."	0
"I BOUGHT A MOTOSLVR L6 END OF SEPTEMBER FROM THIS SELLER....HOWEVER WHEN I RECEIVED THE PHONE IT WAS A BROKE PHONE THAT WOULD NOT POWER ON AFTER CHARGE....THEY TOLD ME TO SEND THE OTHER PHONE BACK FOR EXCHANGE DID SO THEY TOLD ME AFTER A WHOLE MONTH THEY STILL HAVE NEVER RECEIVED THE PHONE BACK....SO THEY SAID THEY WOULD SEND OUT ANOTHER PHONE ON NOVEMBER 1, TODAY IS THE 22ND OF NOVEMBER AND I HAVE NOT RECEIVED A PHONE I BELIEVE MY MONEY HAS BEEN TAKEN....I DONT RECOMMEND YOU BUY FROM THIS SELLER BECAUSE ITS PROBLEMS FROM THE START.....BROKE PHONES.......MONEY GRABBERS...WATCH OUT....."	0
I bought a lot electronic through internet. This is the first time I have problems with an article. The phone started to fail once I used it. I reset to factory and the problem was still there. I contacted the seller and he answer that the phone was shipped checked so he give me no solution So my experience is really disappointed with the product but also with the seller. If you can buy from someone else	0
"I bought a lenovo S750, I am very pleased with it, very good price for a phone and postage super. The dealer was not a problem. The phone is not without fault. For the same price I would have certainly bought this phone again. I recommend to everyone."	1
I bought a iphone which was extremely bad and i discourage other to bay from this place. Sorry this is not good...	0
I bought a iPhone 4 and yes it during the holidays so I didn't mind that the item was sent days late but upon activating the T-Mobile phone it cuts out and can have a conversation with this phone. I'm very disappointed and will not give this buy anything but a poor rating.	0
"I Bought a Huawei Mate 8 from this supplier from UK. They sent me wrong charger for UK use. I found terrible service, ignorant customer service. Every time I asked a question they either were very short and avoiding the question or did not provide a satisfactory answer. After complaining to eBay they reluctantly  sent me another charger which took weeks to receive it.  "	0
"I bought a couple of these phones 9 out of 10 work fine,one the digitizer was bad,but for the price u can't complain."	1
"i bought a cell phone that was displayed with many accesories. all i recieved was a charger and a phone. he refused to overnight the battery which is essential to opperate a cell phone. i also told him the other items could come at a normal rate of postage, he agein, refused and told me to send the phone back. i actually like the phone so i bought a new battery on ebay from another seller. why would you sell a phone with no battery, it&apos;s so f-ing dumb. he said he would pay for my battery on ebay, but with this track record i ate the ten dollars. his pics were false and his integrity was lost with it. i do not understand why he has such a high rating. why would i eat the cost of another persons discretion, this is the first negative response i have written, and i hope it&apos;s my last. a simple solution of sending a battery asap turned into too much cost for him. it wasn&apos;t just the battery and a car charger and some other stuff. like i said to him, &quot;the phone is useless without a battery, i do not care about any other thing.&quot; please second guess this seller, why would i pay shipping back to him when he dismissed a simple request."	0
"I bought a cell phone from this guy off ebay, unfortunately it didnt work, even though the description said other wise, Had to send phone back on my money, finally got phone and then said he sent another one out, weeks went buy and still never recieved it, kept telling me he sent it, no proof, no confirmation no receipti;. NOTHING&lt; never recieved phone, wasted two weeks without a phone, very pissed off, finally returned my money."	0
"i bought a car and had it shipped using DAS SHIPPING..ive complained and emailed 6 different times and have yet to get a reply....the car came to me dirty.. inside and out..it had been detailed...out of gas..it had half a tank...it wouldnt start...and the cover that was in the trunk was missing....the intake was covered in antifreeze and after speaking to the previous owner,,,nothing was wrong with the car....i will NEVER recommend or use this company to so much as ship a lawn mower......"	0
"I bought a &quot;used&quot; cell phone, but you would have never guessed it has been used at all! It&apos;s in *perfect* condition, and I received it in less than a week (I hadn&apos;t been expecting it for at least another week).     Amazing, top of the line seller.     Thank you!"	1
I bought a $35 airtime straight talk card for the phone and phone still hasn't worked wasted my money I was on the phone with straight talk for 2 days trying to get the phone activated.The phone half worked only had data usage no texting or calls It went straight to Verizon when trying to call out....	0
I bought 2 galaxy note 4(duo) but one of them was broken after 2months use. we brought it to Samsung but they refused to repair it as it is not from them and told us it is a fake phone. the other one can be charged upto 80% only.	0
I bought 2 and my kids loved them.	1
"I bought  this phone for over $200; got it set-up at Verizon and discovered the speaker on the phone doesn't work! (So when I call people I can't hear them, crackly etc). I wrote the seller, told him about the problem, stated I wanted my money back or a replacement. NEVER heard from him. So now I'm out over $200 with a junk phone. "	0
I bough this phone on eBay two months back and its been working perfectly fine.  The sound quality and picture quality is amazing. Its very sleek and looks beautiful.	1
"I bough this phone and the seller said it was in completely functional conditioning. Unfortunately, they lied. The phone works occasionally and the screen doesnt work when you press it which makes it very hard to type a message or do anything. I messaged this seller and they wont let me return it.   DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS SELLER!!"	0
"I bidded on a phone and one so I messaged the seller and asked if it 100% worked on Verizon because I wanted to add it to my line and he said I was asking too many questions and not enough paying, then I said dude I asked one question and you just being disrespectful then he said well Ill just cancel it and repost it then he just canceled it. Hes hateful and disrespectful I really wanted to buy that phone but he couldnt even answer one question he just started being hateful and disrespectful"	0
"I bidded and won a Samsung SCH-450 Messenger Phone from Revived Cellular Technology for $50.00, This company should be put out of business. I am VERY dis-satified with this phone. The screen is so scratched up it&apos;s like looking thru a pair of bi-focal glasses. The phone is missing buttons, not only does the phone have scratches, it has dents all over of it. This companys mislead me when they said it had a few scratches and MINOR wear, That&apos;s a bald face lie. This phone should have gone in the trash, but this company Revived sold is this phone to a customer. You people should be ashamed of the type of business you&apos;re running, and the kind of product you&apos;re selling customers. I am so angry I don&apos;t know what to do."	0
"I bid and won this item @ $885 +$15 shipping but seller won't ship to me. He tried to trick me by saying the item could be 6GB RAM when it was described as 12GB and after 4 days of waiting for the item to be shipped, the seller sent me a refund. I suspect the item as either a clone S10+ 1TB or the seller is tricky and a fraud. Ebay can check my correspondence with the seller(mister.crest) to confirm my claim. Be careful guys, there are lots of clone S10+ here. I bid, won and paid for S10+512GB for my wife and a seller shipped a clone from Asia. It could be that this mister.crest guy also wanted to rip me off as well. "	0
I believe my account was hacked!!!  Please help me!	0
i being having a lot of problems with this phone . it gets hot and stops working and reboots ramdonly 	0
I asked you several times about shipping date.  No reply from you.    It&apos;s almost 2 weeks that I havne&apos;t received my Nokia e70.  Would you please reply on it?   or return the amount.	0
I asked the seller to ship the phone quick because I was currently without a phone. Two days later the phone arrived in perfect condition. Thank you so much what a great deal!	1
"I asked the seller for a refund the same day my daughter purchased the item without my consent & he ignored me & didn't respond until the next to let me know that they were shipping the item anyway. Then after they shipped it they wrote me a message telling me to return the item for a refund, & I'm like why did you send the item in the first place if I asked to cancel the purchase literally minutes after my daughter purchased it"	0
I asked the people that are selling this phone if it works up in Can on Virgin Mobile and they said yes !  It does not work up here and will not hold a signal !!!!  I asked if they would take it back they said no!!  I am warning anyone thinking about buying this up in Canada it will not work period !!!!!! 	0
I asked if the phone worked with an AT&amp;T sim card and I was told it did.  It doesn&apos;t.  So I have a phone that I can&apos;t use.  The price was very inexpensive and the phone was shipped to me quickly.	0
I asked fir an unlocked mobile GSM put my sim in it and it does not work why           I sent you many pictures and letters I need an unlocked mibile to use in Egypt isxnit unlacked whyb	0
"I ask them the phone is broke down can you help me, but they did not care at all because they get the money?  XXX  NEVER EVER AGAIN BUY FROM THIS PERSON HE SALE BAD ITEM XXX "	0
I appreciate how quickly I received my phone. This item was in great condition. You never know when you buy something online. I was pleasantly surprised by this purchase. Thanks!	1
"I apologize but Great Call informed me that three of their  Jitterbug phones are now obsolete, and the Jitterbug J is one  of them. The phone can no longer be activated. So I purchased  a phone that I can never use."	0
i and my two kids loved. this is best kid fhone i ever had. thks again. carlitosway025. gracias nuevamente a mi y a mis dos nenes nos encanta el celular es practico y nos ah ayudado para comunicarnos. gracias nuevamente.	1
"I and a few friends have been using this phone for years.  We love it.  Small, elegant, metal case, easy to use.  It is perfect for voice and text.  None of us use it for Wi-Fi or Bluetooth; the screen is small.  The only occasionally negative reviews suggest the touchscreen is fragile.  I broke mine after 4 years.  So, I ordered a new phone, and 2 replacement touchscreens at 9 bucks each, and 2 replacement batteries at 5 bucks each.  I'm all set."	1
I am with the phone. So far it works pretty well.No dropping call. The order was delivered on time. Great job!	1
I am very upset with my purchase of these phones I went to get them activated today only to find out that they are not able to get activated as all 5 phones have been reported lost or stolen all of which were from diferent accounts. I WILL NEVER BUY FROM THIS SELLER AGAIN !!!!!!!!	0
I am very satisfied with this seller and the item purchased. 	1
I am very satisfied with this item	1
I am very satisfied with the purchase and with the debtor I recommend it	1
I am very sad about the phone I recently receive because the phone was used and the chargeur doesn&apos;t work even the memory card support was broke.   so up to now I don&apos;t even used the phone and don&apos;t know what to do with...	0
"I am very pleased with my purchase.I purchased this product to replace my IPone4 16g. I needed a higher gb for downloading apps, this one will serve the purpose."	1
I am very pleased about my new cell phone. Seller did good job in updating the status. the whole transaction was smooth.	1
"I am very happy with this product, it is working perfectly."	1
"I am very happy with this phone, worthy for the price and the saller is amazing. I strongly recomend this guy for business."	1
I am very happy with the purchase of this Apple product through this seller. They provided an excellent product at a great price. Shipping was speedy as well. Nice job!	1
I am very happy with my purchase. Great price and the phone is in excellent condition. Thanks! 	1
"I am very happy with everything I have ordered on E-bay!!! If tere was a problem, the people I purchased the item from corrected it immediately. There were absolutely no problems that weren&apos;t correctly addressed..... Thank you!!!!!"	1
"I am very happy  no surprises as spected.  Great condition, faster.  Good seller. highly recommended."	1
I am very displeased. i can&apos;t even use this phone and could never contact the seller to return or exchange it. they failed to inform me that this phone is not compatible with the cellular south plan that i specifically asked for.	0
"I am very disappointed with this phone it is in poor condition and is locked very heavy wear in the photo that was not visible, you opened it intentionally.bad seller. I want my money back. "	0
I am very disappointed in this phone the Sony z3v will run circle's around it.	0
I am using this as a music player only.  With 24/192 and MQA playback this is an awesome media player when used with a good set of headphones.  I usually play with the Tidal music service.  Phone came to me with only a tiny scratch.  Why buy new?	1
"I AM UNABLE TO RATE THIS PRODUCT, BECAUSE ALTHOUGH I PAID FOR IT, I HAVE NOT RECEIVED YET. SO I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED, BECAUSE I EXPECTED, SINCE THIS IS THE FIRST TIME I BUY BY E-BAY, THAT WOULD BE GERAT, UNFORTUNATELY, IT WA NOT."	0
I am thr one who bid 999. I want to buy it but it doesn't ship to india.  Then whats the point in winning the bid...!	0
I am the kind of person who goes through phones every 3 months. Until now. The slvr has got to be the best phone on the market. The quality of the phone compared to any other is incrediable. Also a big key to getting a good working phone is to NEVER get an unlocked phone. If you have Cingular stick with a Cingular phone. If you have Sprint stick with a Sprint phone ect. For all Cingular customers this phone will serve it&apos;s purpose plus some.	1
I am still waiting for the item! I have contacted the selger for some days ago but still did not got my HP iPAQ Glisten - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone.	0
I am so very pleased with my purchase. This phone is excellent.  Fast..long battery....the camera is awesome...great purchase. Im very pleased.	1
I am so unhappy Ive tried to reach out nobody seem to help me make phone is defective keep saying no Sim will not activate Ive purchased a new Sim card	0
"I am so pleased with this purchase! It was better than described, I couldn't find any cosmetic flaws on it at all. It works fine, and I am really enjoying it. It even came with a brand new dual port charger!Thank you for a fine product at a fantastic price!  I look forward to doing business with this seller again and I will definitely give the highest recommendation to anyone I know. "	1
"I am so pleased with my purchase. It came super fast, 2 days. I had purchased the same phone refurbished from another seller and was really disappointed with the condition so I sent it back. Ordered from this shop instead the phone looks PERFECT. Not a ding or a scratch anywhere, very nicely packed. Competitive pricing too. Very happy with this purchase. "	1
I am so happy with the phone. The seller sent it out and it arrived earlier than expected. I am extremely happy overall 	1
i am so happy with it it works great sell is so nice she writes back quick and let you know everything about the item	1
"I am so happy about me phone. The shipping wait was a week,  but I got my phone on the 2nd day.  Customer service is high. Quick responds. The phone so far is good.  Thin,  right size.  This company really works hard.  Good luck for them! "	1
I am satisfied with the goods	1
I am reviewing the seller instead of the Pixel 2.  I was unable to use the phone with Sprint so CDMA it wasn't.  And the seller choose NOT to communicate so eBay WAS wonderful!	0
I am really impressed with this phone.  It was advertised as in excellent condition and it is. Nice to have a really good phone at a really decent price.	1
I am really glad i got this phone. The only weird thing was that there was pictures still on the phone...but other than that it was great quality.	1
"I am pleased with the On5 as a basic phone. I only wish it had 16 GB of memory instead of 8GB. I knew what it was before my purchase, so no disappointments there.  This unlocked T-Mobile phone was well worth the price. "	1
I am pleased with my phone. Nice doing business with you all. I would recommend this website to my friends.	1
"I am on my third one and it is broken also.  Service is great and push to talk is awesome.  But Lg need to go back to the drawing board on thier durability factor!!!  Also, if you carry in purse or pocket, the side buttons turn features on and off without you knowing it."	0
I am on my second Note 7. I will be returning it this week :(	0
"I am not sure what you mean by ""Does it have a small form factor""?  This phone from Tekreplay wouldn't hold a charge and would not charge up above 10%.   I sent everything back to them with a note explaining the problem, and asked for an exchange. (It cost $4.00 to return it).  They acknowledged receipt of it but informed me the didn't have another to exchange.    They did credit my paypal a/c with the amount I paid them.   It cost me the return postage, and I ended up with nothing.  Was not a satisfactory transaction"	0
I am not satisfied. promise high-quality item but sends the poor quality. I received a defective item. but they all want positive feedback response.	0
I am not satisfied. promise high-quality item but sends the poor quality. I received a defective item. but they all want positive feedback response.	0
I am not satisfied. promise high-quality item but sends the poor quality. I received a defective item. but they all want positive feedback response.	0
I am not satisfied with the product it is defective and even though I emailed the seller they aren't willing to resolve the issue. 	0
I AM NOT PLEASED WITH MY PHONE IT IS NOT WORKING PROPERLY.IT KEEPS FREEZING I AM NOT GETTING A GOOD SERVICE FROM IT	0
"I am not happy, short battery life, bad quality..., very poor language pack. I think, there are better phones...   I would not recommend this product to a friend and others"	0
"I am not happy with the seller, he gave me a shipping date, he did not comply and on August 14 he told me: Hey, Sorry for the inconvenience the phones just arrived yesterday due to back order.your phones will be shipped out tommorow., And this is not scam and you will not be disappointed. Have a good night dear! On August 15, I did not send the product, I wrote it and I have not had an answer from the seller. And he has not refunded the purchase money"	0
"I am new to the Android Development SDK, but I can now create and deploy apps straight from my phone. :)"	1
I am lucky I can get my money back	0
"I am loving this product.  It is super fast and reliable.  The most important thing is it is performing up to my expectations inspite of its appearance, i.e., cracked screen."	1
I am just learning to use this phone but it is amazing. Once I learn to use it I am sure I will be very happy.  	1
I am having a hard time to charge this phone.It says that this phone comes with a Sim card but i didn&apos;t get one with the phone.The manual is in not in English which makes it quite difficult.Contacting the seller is  big hassel because they take a long time to reply back.	0
"I am happy with the item, thank you for your business. good product, price, camera and software "	1
I am happy with my purchase.  I have no complaints whatsoever.	1
i am happy that i was able to finally find a red sony ericson at a good price. i just received the phone and i already love playing with it....thanks so much	1
"I am going to say Yes on the small form factor, because I guess I don't know what it means, and i don't want to give any negative feedback on this phone seems it is just Awesome I know it's an older new phone but it is as good or better than any new tech.  I love it shoots video in 4K and the camera is just nuts after my Droid Maxx HD this LG V20 is by far the best phone I've had. the seller of this item was super fast and kind and got back to me very quickly on anything I asked them.   Thanks for the great phone and the super fast shipping."	1
I am giving this seller 2 stars.        **1) The phone I received is faulty.  I am receiving an &apos;Invalid battery&apos; error.  When I looked inside I noticed that it was a poor knock-off battery. It does not charge or work at all now.        **2) The phone was advertised as NEW but it is used and/or refurbished. This is not worth the $50 I paid for a used phone.        **Their ad is wrong and PEOPLE should know their sales techniques.       **Please make it right and I will change my rating...	0
i am from mexico and I am interested in the article but would like the price with shipping saver wing city of Xalapa in Veracruz state which would be the item price with shipping and if you can use with the telephone company in Mexico await your response and thanks for I&amp;amp;amp;amp;apos;m really interested her goodbye antención	1
"I am fed up with Virgin Mobile phone compatibility with their plans.  For example, this Kyocera Contact is ONLY compatible with Virgin Mobile PayLo plans.  I switched to a Virgin Mobile Unlimited Talk/Text plan because it was a much better deal.  Who would sign up for a PayLo program now?  It's the same price as the unlimited plan!!  Why pay more??   Virgin Mobile is ripping people off by forcing them into higher priced plans because the new phone they bought is not ""compatible"" with their current plan!  Sounds like a marketing scam to me!!"	0
"I am enjoying my phone, the appearance,accessories and features. The delivery time was appropriate and the price was great. I decided to look for and purchase this phone on ebay due to my phone had broken and I did not want to pay full price for a phone from my provider."	1
"I am enjoying my HTC Pure phone.  I had a foreign exchange student who had one and liked it, so I got one for myself.  Everything I expected.  The seller was most cooperative in answering my questions before the purchase."	1
I am disopointed after moved from iPhone to the android. 	0
"I am disappointed that the item turned out to be a FAKE. Also e-Bay collected the money even prior to delivery. Even when the device has been received and acknowledged such by the Seller, I still have not received my refund. e-Bay policy of Refund - Buyer Protection needs to be revisited. I can understand a three day period needed to effect the refund, and I do not know if I will continue browsing thru e-bay for any items."	0
"I am disappointed that the item turned out to be a FAKE. Also e-Bay collected the money even prior to delivery. Even when the device has been received and acknowledged such by the Seller, I still have not received my refund. e-Bay policy of Refund - Buyer Protection needs to be revisited. I can understand a three day period needed to effect the refund, and I do not know if I will continue browsing thru e-bay for any items."	0
I am disapointed object witj know battrey in side i wpuld like to be refound .pls 	0
I am delighted with my IPhone 5. It is  in excellent condition and everything the ad said it would be. And they were also kind enough to even include a charge and a case. Happy me!	1
I am currently using the motorola EX431G tracfone with triple minutes.  I ordered another exact phone for my husband to use.  Great product.  Hard to find with triple minutes!!!	1
"I am contemplating ever buying from ebay again. The phone worked fine for about a week and after that it stopped working. The seller described the item as new. I sent the phone back to seller, which he claims never got it. when evidently the tracking number said it was delivered to the address that the seller provided. Ebay ruled against me when i opened up a dispute. It might seem petty cash for ebay, but I work hard for my money."	0
I am confortable with it...	1
"I am completely satisfied with the purchase.Really great phone,can be completely customized.Only flaw is that battery is not taking to long but that is OK if you consider the options and the ability to turn the functions that you don&apos;t use.That can prolong the battery life for quite time.  Great phone--my advice is to but it if you can. (first check availability of some applications and network coverage)                                      Buyer from Bosnia :D"	1
I am an I phone 5 my exterior condition is better than described. I do everything that is expected of me. I work great and my price was perfect.	1
I am a Samsung fan but grandson loves it.	1
"I am a fan of Motorola, and even a bigger fan of this particular model because it is almost indestructible. I however was mailed one of the ones that so many others have gotten, ones that are defective. The batteries are defective and since is.prime takes 14 days to get a phone out to the customer, because despite what they may advertise, these phones are apparently coming directly from China otherwise it would not take 14 days for delivery. So when my phone showed it was defective and would not charge and wouldn't power on, making it so I could not get my personal information off of phone, they wanted me to return my defective device back to them, which they said would take 7 to 10 days to process, then an additional14 days to get another device out to me and I'd be taking a chance that the next one I received would be defective also. I didn't see their offer to be anywhere close to acceptable so I called a repair shop and got what their fee to fix phone would be, $80 and offered to pay half. They agreed so I took phone to repair shop then they renege on the offer. They then started offering for my only options to be to return the phone or they would give me $20.at this point it would have cost me $65 for the diagnostic fee to get the phone back from the repair shop. I explained"	0
I always wanted an Iphone now I have one It is excellent and it looks great just what I wanted. Thanks	1
I Always wanted a Sony cell phone which I could remote play my PS4 easily and liste to music to it's full potential. The battery life is not that great tho for what i'm doing with it but if your the type of person which does not surf a lot it's good. Plus the super-vivid contrast is awesome. I'll stick with this phone for years that's for sure. 	1
i always loved this phone. the fact that it wa a motorolla was a major plus. my cell never held a charge that well at all but this one last for about 3 or 4 days. there is nothing that i didnt like about it. i would highly recommend this one to anyone. never buy a lg3200 flip phone they are junk. this phones rocks!	1
I always keep my eyes out for refurbished phone but this one is as good as new! Used for a month already without issues thanks Mr brimster	1
I always buy LG to begin with.. But this is my first Android and I LOVE it!!! Its pretty easy to figure out and has lots of features!! The battery last for quite awhile as long as your not playing games and such!! I use it quite a bit with text and checking facebook and only charge it at night time!! I like it alot!	1
I alredy pay for the iPhone but they dont want to send or talk about the iPhone 	0
I already have one of these and bought this as a backup. I've had mine for several years and have never had a single issue. But they don't make the small form Galaxy anymore so wanted a backup. This one was brand new and still factory sealed.	1
I already bought the product and I dont know what I do about it.	0
"I already bought and used the LG OPTIMUS 3D MAX and I can say that overall the performance is excellent and also very user friendly. There is an external memory card slot which supports up to 32GB. The performance of the phone is indeed superior to its competitors.The usage of CORNING GORILLA GLASS has indeed cuts down on the finger smudges.    The resolution and the sound of the speaker is indeed excellent as I could hear the pronounciation clearly and the screen displays the colours superbly.It is super fast when u are surfing the internet or even watching videos via you tube.    In summary this the phone whereby it is value for money and also you knaw that it is manufactured  and assembled in the country of origin and not MADE IN CHINA or MANUFACTURED BY ........ like some other brands do and then charge consumers a premium even though it is not manufactured and assembled in their country.Battery life is average as maybe I surf the internet heavily.But overall I will give this phone a five star rating for its functions,ease of use and its high quality of construction the moment u take the phone out from the box."	1
"i al very upset now, becaus esince i bought this phone it has not been given to me, i have paid for the the phone in the past 2months now, and nothing has been done to that effect, i have writttn all manner of messages to avail, pls i need my phone now."	0
I agree with that one guy who says your battery drains when you're not even using any apps or anything   This would be good for your 12 yr old child. Heck they're young what's $40 but for an adult nah use your money towards something way better  Possibly a Samsung phone? An iPhone?  HTC sucks as well   A brand new Orbic goes bad in 2-3 months  It's crap and you'll see once you purchase one 	0
"I adore Apple products. I have nearly everything from the company. Because of a lot of work I needed the second mobile phono. Though it was not brand new model, it is many functional, easy to operate, easy to use with my computer, iPad and other Apple equipment. This phone has very high quality camera, video and excellent navigation. The software cover every sphere of life. What is more important for this phone there is a great choice of very good programs both for business and for entertainment. the combination of cost, quality and good software were the main feature to make my choice. there is nothing to tell that I don&apos;t like the phone. there are no drawbacks in it. I like everything in it."	1
"I actually like the size of the phone, although it is larger than most flip phones. It has a great camera which is better quality than most. The screen is large and easy to read. I bought it because my daughter has one just like it and really likes it."	1
I actually have not tested it yet. I expect it is functioning as it should.	1
"I actually had the HTC one M8. So I am able to give an accurate review of this product. Speed wise you can't tell any difference. The processor is almost the same as the M8. So it is made for speed. It only has 16 gb of ram built into it vs the 32 of the M8. Get yourself a Microsdram card and put any extra apps on it and it should be fine. It allows up to 128 gb . Believe it or not the sound is even louder than the HTC one M8. Amazing with the 2 forward speakers. It is by far the loudest smartphone I have ever owned. I ownly paid 76 dollars for this phone used . It comes with a quad core 2.0 cpu and is meant for speed. Mine is white with a plastic shell vs the M8 metal shell. I actually like the plastic better. It seems more modern. For 76 to a 100 dollars you're getting one of the best used phones for the money. , in my book. The only con ; It can only go as high as Marshmallow Android. Forget loading the new Nougat Android. "	1
"i actually bought this phone because i love sony ericsson, and i also want a phone with QWERTY keyboard, and this was the only new sonyericson phone providing that features. i like pratically everything about the phone. i&apos;m in love with the keyboard...it allows easy use.the only thing i would have prefered was if the screen was wider. in general, this is one best phone anyone can ever use."	1
"I accidently ordered the wrong item,I didnt notice until a few hours later. I quickly contacted the seller and I received a responce very quickly and stated that it was not a problem so they refunded my money right away."	1
"I absolutley love this phone. It is the second one that I have purchased. I love the features, graphics and it is very easy to use."	1
I absolutely love this phone. It&apos;s simple and easy to use-a great value for my money. No data plan to pay for and easy to to text on. I&apos;m partial towards motorolas and this phone has is in very good shape for its age. Couldn&apos;t ask for anything better.	1
I absolutely love this phone! It is the perfect size for my hand and has wonderful battery life! Love it and I am very impressed with the seller of this item as well.	1
"I absolutely love this phone! It came in perfect condition, exactly like the picture and with all the things (like the headphones, charger ect.) that were listed! Great seller! :)"	1
I absolutely love this phone it's amazing display is awesome camera features are totally ridiculous and out of this world superseding anything out there on the market today way ahead of the times battery life is phenomenal can't say enough good things about this camera phone	1
I absolutely love the phone that I just received. I decided to buy this item due to price and having a full keyboard.	1
"I absolutely love my LG VX7000 camera/video phone. It is so easy to customize to my personal style! You can preview and download ringtones right off the handset and program them for each person. You can program every single ring on the phone, so there is a different ringer for each person and each text message. Not all phones let you program text ringers on each person, most phones just let you program a ringtone for all text messages. The video on the phone only records 15 seconds, but sometimes that&apos;s all you need. The camera has flash, not that it helps much. I had my first LG VX7000 for a year and a half and never had any problems at all. When it was stolen, I purchased a new one off Ebay and paid $50 extra for overnight shipping. 11 days later, (after a paypal dispute with the seller) I finally got the phone. It broke within a few days, which is NOT normal for these phones. I had to buy another phone, but it has been great!! I definitely love this phone, I would hate to give it up!!!"	1
"I absolutely love my Blackberry Curve, definitely worth purchasing! It has so many functions. This is the best cell phone by far that I have ever had."	1
I absolutely love and would buy from seller again	1
I absolutely am in love with this phone. I love the features and camera. But I am heart broken that the battery life is very short if you are on your phone lot. Also this is my second v10. The 1st one over heated and would not turn back on. My second one is stuck in boot loop. 	0
i 100 percent payed with visa and have no hurd a word  are they a scam ? i dont have much to say but this im gonna pyt up letters to get to the 100 jjjjjjj jjjjjjjjj jjjjjjjj jjjjjjjjjjjjjj uuuuuuuuuuuu uuuuuuuuuuuuuuu uuuuuuuuuuuuuuu uuuuuuuuuuuuu uuuuuuuuuuuuu uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu uiuiuiuuuuuuuuu uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu uuuuuuuuuuuuu uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu uuuuuuuuuuuuuu uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu uuuuuuuuuuuu	0
"I ) Can't transfer data from old phone. 2) Phone was made in Korea, But QC is China ? 3) Asked seller about the phone . The feedback was check menu. Very disappointed ."	0
"I  received notice from AT&amp;T that the phone I had would no longer be supported after 7/30/14.  I was using a cheap small phone after my original Pantech took a dive in some water.  I am so happy with this phone.  When I called AT&amp;T to find out if this one would be supported (they were trying to lock me into 2yrs and a smartphone) they weren&apos;t sure.  It works great, love the size of the keyboard and very sharp looking."	1
I  love the item. 	1
I  didn't like it at all the phone never could get hooked up and it was just bad	0
"I  CANT  PROGRAM  IT,,,,,  ITS   TOO   HARD."	0
"I   love the phones, however neither worked. Sellers email not working. Ebay will not retutn my emails either."	0
"HTC. Hell of a Time Charging. After being a long time other brand user i decided to get this phone because of the rave reviews however from the phone i received was not worth more than a star. Whats good; Nice looking, fast boot up, easy to use interface. Its your average android powered phone. Camera seemed good enough only used it a few times. Bad: The battery/power management on this phone are garbo.. After 40 percent battery your phone could die at any second and just chain reboot itself out of power trying to get it to turn back on. This is something that happened ON EVERY CHARGE. It started snowing outside today and having a phone that i know will work when i need it to im sending it back today. Also it seems fairly annoying to find a screen protector and case for this phone, no local retailers carry it a few places carry the protective glass online but they are just generic fits. Maybe the phone i received was a fluke but for me and being my first time out with this brand i will not be trying the HTC 10 again back to the drawing board and back goes the accessories i ordered."	0
"HTC&apos;s One SV has arrived, and joins a plethora of above-average-spec handsets vying for your money. Available on Cricket in the US and EE in the UK, the 4.3-inch, LTE-ready device fits into the One series between the low-end V and, you guessed it, the better-equipped S. It&apos;s a curious release for HTC, given the One VX has just launched with almost identical specs, apart from the 4.5-inch, qHD (960 x 540) screen slightly besting that of the SV. Based on our quick hands-on time at CES, you may have already gathered that it&apos;s not a powerhouse built to wow you with raw benchmarks scores. But how, exactly, does it compare to its bigger brothers in the series? And, what does it offer people who are more concerned with their budget than 1080p displays or octo-core processors? Head beyond the fold for our full musings."	1
HTC Touch Diamond (Sprint Nextel)HTC Touch Diamond (Sprint Nextel)HTC Touch Diamond (Sprint Nextel)HTC Touch Diamond (Sprint Nextel)	1
"HTC Evo is a great phone hands down. Best smart phone views and reviews beat iphone4 all who havea problem with Evo battery havent done research. Advance task killer, advandce Manager Killer, Juice Defender, all free apps battery just about doubles, but for those who question set both task killers to ignore each other and juice defender, and set auto kills to when screen is turned off and no delay time battery life will greatly increase"	1
How much last  Need Arabic language and Arabic keyboard 	0
"How do I like my Apple IPhone 6S?  I don't know, since someone hacked my account and received this product under my name at their address!  I really don't think I will ever use EBay again.  Its a disappointment when EBay even sends me an email saying my account may have been hacked and still sends the thief the IPhone!  VERY DISAPPOINTED!  Closing My Account!"	0
how do i apply this card to my account???	0
HOW COULD I LIKE IT IF IT DIDN&apos;T EVEN TURN ON. IT;S IN THE TRASH.  I&apos;M VERY DISAPOINTED  WITH THIS PHONE	0
How come a person is allowed to write a review without a purchase ? Thats very strange and worrying because Reviews could be fake for all we know and this guy could be a scammer ..... someone got a box with nothing I am so scared 	0
How can I write a review if I never received it from the seller 	0
How about the phone when it came in the charging port didn't work got that text from 65 to 80 bucks can't remember because mother paid for it then I took it to work if I have my Pocket Drivers busted if I was even Gorilla Glass and the thing was real slow the battery was like talking all this fog didn't even fucking charger and everything else about the fucking piece of shit needs to be nothing but refunded it to back to a mother fucker you know an asshole bitch	0
Hot battery mis shaped the phone. Non replaceable battery.	0
HORRIBLE! I have been waiting for 2 weeks and I tracked that item and it said couldn't found!	0
Horrible! 5 days no shipping! Would not recommend you wasting time or money!  	0
"Horrible quality, definatly not worth my money at all. Screen does not work at all. Turns on and off periodicaly"	0
Horrible product. This phone crashed after 2 weeks. The screen went stopped working. A waste of money.	0
Horrible piece of junk.Speaker is making static noise.You can hear yourself .Touch screen freezes.The only good thing is the battery life.I did switch to Samsung from Nokia.Its my second Nokia phone i hate.Before i had Nokia C1-01.Even worse then Asha.	0
"Horrible phone, very outdated, lost contact data every time the battery went low, display problems-display screen periodically would not work, do not buy this phone."	0
horrible phone junk	0
Horrible phone can't add apps to it because there isn't enough space on it and can't remove unwanted unused apps.	0
"HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!  I purchased last night for family to keep in touch since my Father just died.  They finally got the kinks worked out this morning so it would work.  However,  no signal.  I found a place in the house where I could get one line signal strength but when I tried to put the phone to my ear or move, I lost the signal.  I moved all over testing it to see if there were places it would work,  it would work enough to place the call and use time, then lose the signal.  I made two calls 4 and 5 minutes while holding it in one place with the speaker on.  Unnaceptable, so I called to cancel.  They said because it was in coverage area according to their records and I was able to get a signal SOMEWHERE,  their policy did not allow any refund.   I wound up out 60 dollars for 17minutes and only 9 minutes of conversation!  I even explained my situation,  they did not care.  policy is policy.  DON&quot;T RISK IT!"	0
"Horrible excuse for phone cover. All hard, no cushioning to absorb impact. No front covering. "	0
Hopefully it's as durable as it says for my daughter she needs it	1
Hope to do more business fast ship	1
Hope everything goes good	0
"Honestly, I wasn&apos;t pleased with the product itself at all. It was an awful phone, I had bad reception everywhere I went, and although it was a camera phone, it would almost never allow me to send or receive pictures. I will NEVER recommend this phone to ANYONE!"	0
Honestly one of the best sellers. Added to my favorite.  Hope to deal with you soon.   &quot;A+&quot; . Thank You.	1
Home button doesnt work. I will try to return it. 	0
"hola, soy de argentina y estoy interesado en este articulo, cuanto tardaría en llegar y cuales serian los costos adicionales?"	1
"Hola soy de Peru y te ofresco 1000 soles,tu s7 edge tiene algun detalle esta funcionando bien ??"	0
HOLA HACES ENVÍOS A ARGENTINA SI ES ASÍ CUANTO COSTARÍA??? GRACIAS	1
hola buen día.  AÚN NO RECIBO EL CELULAR. Serían tan amables de ayudarme a resolver este problema? lo compre el 21/03 ha sido enviado 2 veces al parecer el inconveniente es el correo que usa el vendedor.  Gracias por su atención.	0
his phone came broken and does not answer the msj does not give an explanation or something to solve the problem 	0
"Highly underated phone, excellent buy :)"	1
"highly recommened this seller super fast delivery items work perfectly. Had no issues great price, perfect condition fast delivery."	1
"highly recommended,,,,,,,,,fast shipping great communication.but unfortunate the phone was not was i expexted do to not able to text with my slim card,,,,,,was able to return it and i am very pleased with that ,,,,,,,,,,thanks a lot."	1
"Highly recommended seller,selling very rare items,good luck in business !!"	1
Highly Recommended Seller! Great Prize! Fast Shipping! Excellent Customer Service! Pleasant Transaction!	1
Highly recommended 	1
High quality workmanship! An interesting set of models and colors! Fast delivery!	1
"High performance phone/tablet.  Beautiful screen.  Best part of this phone, compared to the latest model (Galaxy Note 5) is that I can add up to 64gb micro card for storage and buy additional batteries (which are not very expensive).  In last few days, I was able to upgrade to Android 5.1.1."	1
Hice un pedido del kyocera y lo que recibí fue un htc m9 en muy mal estado lo considero como una estafa 	0
"Hi,When I see the celular nokia 1616. I love the presentation and price, because is very nice. But in Costa Rica no is possible to use it, there are troubles about open the bands. Now I have loss the money (shoping and shiping to Costa Rica), because I can&apos;t use it here, the cellular phone not recognize the SIM. I had one mistake, I didn&apos;t  question  the seller. I think the seller is better, I&apos;m pleased with the service. Thank&apos;s very much ! Sorry my English not is the better ! José Viquez"	1
"hi, i try to contact the seller to refund or exchange and have new a phone without pay the transport expensive again!  my phone just after just , is dead because, i try the water proof like he must are but is not water proof, is wrong, steel , is and dead after 5 sec in a small water glass! i dont give it up to have a new phone! becareful for the next customs!"	0
"Hi, I bought two phones and they dont have their pin for unlock. where I can get them?"	0
"Hi, I am Radhika  I purchased the cell phone,the seller mentioned that it is unlocked,but it was not unlocked, on trusting  ebay I sent the phone to India, there I came to know that it is unlocked.  Then I contact to seller he told me he will provide the code of unlock, but he dint gave me.  Then I came to know this was a stolen phone.I lost my money.  So please be alert while purchasing items with them."	0
"Hi, again my contact is to resolve my problem with the phone you sold me, you havent answer me, I need to return my phone under the 1 year guarantee, the battery its inflating or blowing up, and im worried the phone can explode and get into fire... contact me asap please"	0
"HI,   I did not buy this phone.  I like this phone but it was already used and I have got money back from seller."	1
Hi neededa phone for a family member over seas and this one looked nice and had several SIM card options. The phone is nice an new easy to use and was a hit to use.	1
Hi my screen had a slight crack at the bottom of the screen. I can't send it back it will cost me way to much money. 	0
Hi my name is susan and I just purchased this phone for my 12yrs old daughter for christmas.It just been a week later and the phone just went blank.The phone is no longer turning on.	0
hi i was sent you like 1 month befor why you cannot sent me replace ment and also you cant contact me whats Happend????	0
"Hi I wanted to ask whether Argentina would walk in and if you do a delivery, I wanted to tell me the total price Deam and I have to buy it. thank you very much"	1
Hi I fully recommended very good customer great communication 	1
"Hi guys,    I  regret of buying this phones on ebay  because those guys who  sold this phones they knew that  those  phones  are ( Cdma) it mean  , it can only work in usa ; mexico and canada and those phones  can&apos; t be unlock but they let me bought it , knowing  that those phone  will not work in australia or  others country, except  usa, mexico and canada . Now i lost my money and  i hand up with those unuselless phones and i tried to contact those guys for  refund without any  reponse, so becarefoure when u buy  use phone on ebay, it must be gsm and not cdma.                                              Thanks"	0
"Hi guys!   I bought this phone recently as mobile phone with GPS, after receiving I found there is no GPS, location works trough LBS!!! accuracy 2000-5000m, Most Chinese phones exactly like this one! be careful and do not mistakes as me.  Alex, New Zealand "	0
"Hi good afternoon, I want to ask a question? this phone is used in Venezuela?........................................................................."	0
hi everyone my name is james and this person is selling a blind man a broken phone. dont trust this seller because he has sold broken merchendise. this sight should take action and kick him off. 	0
"Hi everyone how are you. Don't buy it this phone because this is korean version SM-N950N not Europian version SM-N950F. You cannot use samsung pay in other countries just in Korea and if you put a uk or whatever sim card will show Hutchison 3g I learn that because i brought that phone but wasn't like i want it.  And this seller say you have to pay 84 £ for the fees, while you cannot see it anywhere that you have to pay 84 £, just when you get the phone than you'll get the message."	0
hi everybody. Sorry I have not got this yet.  Sorry I have not got this yet.  Sorry I have not got this yet.  Sorry I have not got this yet.  Sorry I have not got this yet.  Sorry I have not got this yet.  Sorry I have not got this yet.	0
"Hi ebayer ,     Please visit our Wholesale market online Shopping Site : www.minelemall.com     The Shop sale new : HD Tvs , Laptops &amp; Notebooks , Mobile Phones &amp; Iphone 4 ,Digital Camera &amp; Camcorder ,     Home Audio , MP3/MP4 Player , Video Game PS3 Console , GPS Receiver and Elec.Guitar     Popular Discount : New Apple Iphone 4 unlocked 32GB Black or White - Factory unlocked - Only : $480.00 USD     Find more Cheaper brand products and more Surprize Discount products from Minelemall. com     - Please visiting our website to get more contact details !!!     Email : Service@minelemall.com     MSN : Minelemall@hotmail.com     Hope doing more business together  Any questions please email to us ,     Thanks"	1
"Hi ebayer ,      Please visit our Wholesale market &lt;w &gt;w &lt;w.&gt;uionshop.com direct !      Our Shop Sale New : HD Tvs , Laptops &amp; Notebooks , Mobile Phones &amp; Iphone 3GS - Iphone 4 ,Digital Camera &amp; Camcorder ,   Home Audio , MP3/MP4 Player , Video Game PS3 Console , GPS Receiver and Motorcycle.      Most Popular : New Apple Iphone 4 unlocked 32GB Black or White - Factory unlocked - Only : $559.00 USD      This is genuine Iphone made in USA ( California ) with Apple 12 months Factory warranty .      You will get more Cheaper products and more Surprize from UionShop.com !      - Please visiting our website to Contact Us      Email , online-help@&lt;uionshop.com &amp;gt;      Any questions please email to us !      Thanks"	1
"Hi ebayer ,      Please go to our Shop website  &lt;  w w w . m i n e l e m a l l . c o m &gt; , You will find more amazing Here !               @@@     The Shop Sale Original New Cheaper : HD Tvs , Laptops &amp; Notebooks , Mobile Phones &amp; Iphone 4 , Iphone 4S ,Digital Camera &amp; Camcorder ,     Home Audio , MP3/MP4 Player , Video Game PS3 Console , GPS Receiver , Elec.Guitar and Lcd Projector !      We Sale 2011 New Products and All the products are brand new in the sealed boxes, with minimum 1 Year Global Warranty.      Discount Item : Original New Apple Iphone 4S unlocked 16GB Black or White ( 2011 Model ) - Factory unlocked : $610.00     Feel free to ask us any questions , Please Cancel The &apos; Space &apos; to Visit and Contact  Us  !     Contact  Email  :  &lt; S e r v i c e @ m i n e l e m a l l . c o m  &gt;     Contact  MSN  :  &lt;  M i n e l e m a l l @ h o t m a i l . c o m  &gt;    Thank you / Happy Shopping ! Merry Christmas in advance !     Regards"	1
Hi do you have chrome ... This is new  I need dut single sim 	1
"Hi dear ,     Welcome to Shop -- w ww.Tmoblen.com. You Will Find More Cheapest Electron Products Here !     We Selling original New Apple Iphones 5/5S Factory Unlocked , Samsung S5 ,Samsung Note III Unlocked Phones and so on .....     We also wholesale original Laptops , Mobile Phones, Digital Camera , PS3 Console , and Others.     New Original Apple iPhone 5S 16GB Factory Unlocked lower price Price : $370.99     NEW Samsung Galaxy S5 G900F Factory Unlocked lower Price : $385.50     All The Products Brand New In Original Boxes With Minimum 1 Year Global Warranty !     Please Contact us by Email or Skype . We will online in 24 hours .     Contact Email : Shopping@Tmoblen.com.     Contact Skype Name : Tmoblen     Waiting for your Responding , Hope to do more business Together !     Thank You / Happy Shopping !     Regards         efgew"	1
"Hi dear ,     Welcome to :www.Samuion.com     We Sale World New Apple Iphones Factory Unlock Phone , Samsung S3 and Samsung Note II Unlocked Phones !     You will find more Cheapest electron pruducts Here !     We also wholesale original Televisions , Laptops , Mobile Phones, Digital Camera , PS3 Console , Guitar and Others.     New Apple Iphone 5 16GB Black Factory Unlocked Price : $480.00     New Samsung Galaxy Note II N7100 White Unlocked Price : $410.00     All The Products Brand New In Original Boxes With Minimum 1 Year Global Warranty !     Contact Email :Samuion@aol.com.     Contact MSN :Samuion@hotmail.com.     Contact Skype Name : Samuion    Waiting for your Responding , Hope to do more business Together !     Thank You / Happy Shopping !     Regards     fh990"	1
"Hi dear ,     Welcome to :www.Samuion.com     We Sale World New Apple Iphones Factory Unlock Phone , Samsung S3 and Samsung Note II Unlocked Phones !     You will find more Cheapest electron pruducts Here !     We also wholesale original Televisions , Laptops , Mobile Phones, Digital Camera , PS3 Console , Guitar and Others.     New Apple Iphone 5 16GB Black Factory Unlocked Price : $480.00     New Samsung Galaxy Note II N7100 White Unlocked Price : $410.00     All The Products Brand New In Original Boxes With Minimum 1 Year Global Warranty !     Contact Email :Samuion@aol.com.     Contact MSN :Samuion@hotmail.com.     Contact Skype Name : Samuion    Waiting for your Responding , Hope to do more business Together !     Thank You / Happy Shopping !     Regards       kjig"	1
"Hi dear ,     Welcome to :www.Samuion.com     We Sale World New Apple Iphones Factory Unlock Phone , Samsung S3 and Samsung Note II Unlocked Phones !     You will find more Cheapest electron pruducts Here !     We also wholesale original Televisions , Laptops , Mobile Phones, Digital Camera , PS3 Console , Guitar and Others.     New Apple Iphone 5 16GB Black Factory Unlocked Price : $480.00     New Samsung Galaxy Note II N7100 White Unlocked Price : $410.00     All The Products Brand New In Original Boxes With Minimum 1 Year Global Warranty !     Contact Email :Samuion@aol.com.     Contact MSN :Samuion@hotmail.com.     Contact Skype Name : Samuion    Waiting for your Responding , Hope to do more business Together !     Thank You / Happy Shopping !     Regards     bh"	1
"Hi dear ,     Welcome to -- w ww.Tigimall.com.    We Sale original New Apple Iphones 5/5S Factory Unlocked , Samsung S3 ,Samsung Note II Unlocked Phones and so on .....    You Will Find More Cheapest Electron Products Here !     We also wholesale original  Laptops , Mobile Phones, Digital Camera , PS3 Console , and Others.     New Original Apple iPhone 5S 16GB Factory Unlocked Price : $428.00     NEW Samsung I9500 Galaxy S4 16GB Factory Unlocked Price : $370.00     All The Products Brand New In Original Boxes With Minimum 1 Year Global Warranty !     Contact Email : Service@tigimall.com.     Contact MSN : tigimall@hotmail.com.    Skype Name :  Tigimall    Waiting for your Responding , Hope to do more business Together !     Thank You / Happy Shopping !     Regards      gh"	1
"Hi dear ,     Welcome to -- w ww.Tigimall.com.    We Sale original New Apple Iphones 5/5S Factory Unlocked , Samsung S3 ,Samsung Note II Unlocked Phones and so on .....    You Will Find More Cheapest Electron Products Here !     We also wholesale original  Laptops , Mobile Phones, Digital Camera , PS3 Console , and Others.     New Original Apple iPhone 5S 16GB Factory Unlocked Price : $428.00     NEW Samsung I9500 Galaxy S4 16GB Factory Unlocked Price : $370.00     All The Products Brand New In Original Boxes With Minimum 1 Year Global Warranty !     Contact Email : Service@tigimall.com.     Contact MSN : tigimall@hotmail.com.    Skype Name :  Tigimall    Waiting for your Responding , Hope to do more business Together !     Thank You / Happy Shopping !     Regards      oui"	1
"Hi dear ,      Please Checking Our Shop Site : http://www.worldesale.com       We are the bigger Electronic Wholesaler in Asia , You Will Find More Cheapest Electron Pruducts Here !      We Wholesale Original New : HD Tvs , Laptops , Mobile Phones &amp; Apple Iphone 4S ,      Digital Camera &amp; Camcorder , Home Audio , PS3 Console , GPS Receiver , Guitar and Projector .     Original New Apple Iphone 4S 32GB Factory Unlocked Wholesale Price only : $510.00     Original New RIM BlackBerry Bold 9900 Black Unlocked Wholesale Price : $380.00        All The Products Are Brand New In Original Sealed Boxes With Minimum 1 Year Global Warranty !      Contact Email : Infos@worldesale.com     Contact  MSN : worldesale@hotmail.com     Please Visiting Our Site To Get More Contact Details !!     Thank You / Happy Shopping !      Regards      th"	1
"Hi customer :   This is a legality and safety Wholesale Market !  Our store website : www.al-pine.com  We mainly wholesale the world famous brand New Electron Products:  - Televisions. - Laptop. - Call Phones (Apple iphone). - Video Console (Sony PS3, PSP, Xbox, Wii)  - Digital Cameras . - GPS, MP3/MP4 - Motorcycle (Yamaha, Suzuki, Honda, Victory)  All the products are 100% Original Brand new !  All the products are direct from our supplier with the Wholesale price !  All the products with minimum One-Year Warranty !  All The Products are FREE Shipping !  All The Products have 30 days Return Policy !  We have the Top quality goods, Excellent sale service and Fast Shipping .  please log on our website.                 Website  : www.al-pine.com    The best way to contact us :     Email : alpsshop@aol.com / MSN : al-pine2009@hotmail.com / Skype Name : AlpsShop    We will reply your questions in 24 hours ! Waiting for your purchase on Al-pine.com .  Best regard !"	1
Hi bought the cell phone from him on the 15 of this month and have tryed to reche him but nothing has happend i am a little pissed off that he would not concat me  and let me no whats going on..	0
"Hi  Thanks very much for u to read our info.  Nice to see you!  we love ebay.also we want to make friends all the world!  our company is from HK,we are the seller:  1:All  laptops,Smartphone,iphone,ipod,ipad,are original.  2:All  laptops,smartphone,are sealed, full warranty from manufacturers.  3:All  laptops,smartphone,come with all original accessories in boxes.  wholesale original laptop(Apple,Sony,Dell,HP,Toshiba($200-$999)) ipod,ipad($30-$400), smartphone(Nokia,iphone,blackberry,HTC,  palm($200-$400)).    Our thinking: we want to make many friends.  can u make a friend with us?thanks  if that.pls contact us with company&apos;s email: sales@igoogl.net,thanks  best regards  Lindy"	1
"HI  Nice to see u!  our company is from HK,i am a seller:  A:All  laptops,Smartphone,iphone,ipod,ipad,are original.  B:All  laptops,smartphone,are sealed, full warranty from manufacturers.  C:All  laptops,smartphone,come with all original accessories in boxes.  wholesale original laptop(Apple,Sony,Dell,HP,Toshiba($200-$999)) ipod,ipad($30-$400), smartphone(Nokia,iphone,blackberry,HTC,  palm($200-$400)).    My thinking: i want to make many friends.  can u make a friend with me?thanks  Any question contact us with company&apos;s email: sales@igoogl.net,thanks  best regards  Lindy"	1
"Heyy guyss...   My purchase in ebay was one of the worst decision i hav ever taken.. Because i had placed order fo a fresh unused nokia e72.. After 19 days of waiting dey had send me nokia e71.. Dat also a complt damaged product.. ThE MOST PATHETIC THING IS ITS MOTHER BOARD WAS DAMAGED.. I COULDN&apos;T USE THE PRODUCT.. I AM DISAPPOINTED TO THE CORE.. SO GUYS,PLEASE DONT DO SUCH A BLUNDER... :("	0
Hey Guy This Item Not New !!!!! i need new .. Give My Money Back .. Sent Your Item Back !!!!!................................................................................................................................	0
"Hello:    I&apos;m so angry couse I never recieve the product. I dont know why the seller send me it.  I cant trust again in your store, sorry for that. I wrote to the seller a messenge and them never answer me.    thank you for ask me about that.    Jency Ramos"	0
"Hello, with sellers like you do not need to do bad publicity, that's why Amazon takes many miles to ebay and not before, you sold me a product that was not the one I bought you, Thanks"	0
"Hello, This phone never arrived, because the seller did not tell me there was a 40% import tax associated. I had to refuse the package, and the seller is not communicating with me. Terrible purchase"	0
"Hello, The Christmas will coming , Here have the FREE Gift for you .  This is a legality and safety Wholesale Market ! Our store website : (www.)al-pine.com    We mainly wholesale the world famous brand New Electron Products:  - Televisions  - Laptop  - Call Phones (Apple iphone)  - Video Console (Sony PS3, PSP, Xbox, Wii)  - Digital Cameras   - GPS, MP3/MP4  - Motorcycle (Yamaha, Suzuki, Honda, Victory)    Top 6 Reasons to Shopping at Al-Pine.com  1. All the products are 100% Original Brand new !  2. All the products are direct from our supplier with the Wholesale price !  3. All the products with minimum One-Year Warranty !  4. All The Products are FREE Shipping !  5. All The Products have 30 days Return Policy !  6. We have the Top quality goods, Excellent sale service and Fast Shipping .    Please log on our Website  : (www.)al-pine.com    The best way to contact us :     Email : alpsshop@aol.com / MSN : al-pine2009@hotmail.com / Skype Name : AlpsShop    Regards"	1
"Hello, The Christmas will coming , Here have the FREE Gift for you .  This is a legality and safety Wholesale Market ! Our store website : (www.)al-pine.com    We mainly wholesale the world famous brand New Electron Products:  - Televisions  - Laptop  - Call Phones (Apple iphone)  - Video Console (Sony PS3, PSP, Xbox, Wii)  - Digital Cameras   - GPS, MP3/MP4  - Motorcycle (Yamaha, Suzuki, Honda, Victory)    Top 6 Reasons to Shopping at Al-Pine.com  1. All the products are 100% Original Brand new !  2. All the products are direct from our supplier with the Wholesale price !  3. All the products with minimum One-Year Warranty !  4. All The Products are FREE Shipping !  5. All The Products have 30 days Return Policy !  6. We have the Top quality goods, Excellent sale service and Fast Shipping .    Please log on our Website  : (www.)al-pine.com    The best way to contact us :     Email : alpsshop@aol.com / MSN : al-pine2009@hotmail.com / Skype Name : AlpsShop    Regards"	1
"Hello, The Christmas will coming , Here have the FREE Gift for you .   This is a legality and safety Wholesale Market ! Our store website : (www.)al-pine.com     We mainly wholesale the world famous brand New Electron Products:   - Televisions - Laptop - Call Phones (Apple iphone) - Video Console (Sony PS3, PSP, Xbox, Wii)   - Digital Cameras - GPS, MP3/MP4 - Motorcycle (Yamaha, Suzuki, Honda, Victory)     Top 6 Reasons to Shopping at Al-Pine.com   1. All the products are 100% Original Brand new !   2. All the products are direct from our supplier with the Wholesale price !   3. All the products with minimum One-Year Warranty !   4. All The Products are FREE Shipping !   5. All The Products have 30 days Return Policy !   6. We have the Top quality goods, Excellent sale service and Fast Shipping .     Please log on our Website : (www.)al-pine.com     The best way to contact us :     Email : alpsshop@aol.com / MSN : al-pine2009@hotmail.com / Skype Name : AlpsShop     Regards"	1
"Hello, I bought this phone last week and it has horrible reception. I cannot be underneath anything, including more then two stories of building. I dont have reception in my own house or at my school. Shitty product. I am upset. "	0
"Hello, as eStan I hope very well The quality of the lamp is much better than what was inmanijaba, I feel very tatifecho."	1
"hello! the team has 3g signal failure, and no problem of cellular company that offers the service, calls are short or lost, and the battery lasts very little and lift the cell temperature. I still hope that vendor response and report these drawbacks and failures!"	0
"Hello! The Nokia is stuck on customs and they want me to give permission for its destruction under the suspiction of fraud, smuggling."	0
"Hello!   You any require ,we overall can for you preparative .       Below Wholesale Electronics, Direct From Lzaman     Wholesale / Dropship Consumer Electronics: Cell Phones, Laptops , Car Audio / Car DVD, Digital Cameras, MP4 Players, GPS ,Console , Security Products and PC Accessories - Shipping / Drop Shipping Worldwide, Direct From Lzaman.     Our website is www.Lzaman.com so please visit us all your electronic needs.   All products are hereinafter assuring :   All products are brand new in the original packaging     All The Products have 30 days Return Policy !    All the products with minimum One-Year Warranty !    All the products are direct from our supplier with the Wholesale price !    All the products Fast shipping and Timely Service .    visit website : www.Lzaman.com .       E-mail questions to us at Lzaman2009@hotmail.com .     We hope to have you as frequent customers ,Hoping with your more business in 2010 ! Contact me any 24hour."	1
"Hello seller/buyer, Happy New Year !   This is a legality and safety Wholesale Market ! Our shop website : (www.)al-pine.com     We mainly wholesale the world famous New Electron Products:   - Televisions - Laptop - Call Phones (Apple iphone) - Video Console (Sony PS3, PSP, Xbox, Wii)   - Digital Cameras - GPS, MP3/MP4 - Toys LEGO - Motorcycle (Yamaha, Suzuki, Honda, Victory)     Top 6 Reasons to Shopping at Al-Pine.com   1. All the products are 100% Original Brand new !   2. All the products are direct from our supplier with the Wholesale price !   3. All the products with minimum One-Year Warranty !   4. All The Products FREE Shipping !   5. All The Products 30 days Return Policy !   6. We have the Top quality goods, Excellent sale service and Fast Shipping .     Please log on our Website : (www.)al-pine.com     Contact us, Email : alpsshop@sina.com/ MSN : alps-service@hotmail.com /     We will reply your questions in 24 hours ! Waiting for your purchase on Al-pine.com .    Best Regards"	1
"Hello seller/buyer, Happy New Year !   This is a legality and safety Wholesale Market ! Our shop website : (www.)al-pine.com     We mainly wholesale the world famous New Electron Products:   - Televisions - Laptop - Call Phones (Apple iphone) - Video Console (Sony PS3, PSP, Xbox, Wii)   - Digital Cameras - GPS, MP3/MP4 - Toys LEGO - Motorcycle (Yamaha, Suzuki, Honda, Victory)     Top 6 Reasons to Shopping at Al-Pine.com   1. All the products are 100% Original Brand new !   2. All the products are direct from our supplier with the Wholesale price !   3. All the products with minimum One-Year Warranty !   4. All The Products FREE Shipping !   5. All The Products 30 days Return Policy !   6. We have the Top quality goods, Excellent sale service and Fast Shipping .     Please log on our Website : (www.)al-pine.com     Contact us, Email : alpsshop@sina.com/ MSN : alps-service@hotmail.com /     We will reply your questions in 24 hours ! Waiting for your purchase on Al-pine.com .    Best Regards"	1
"Hello seller/buyer, Happy New Year !   This is a legality and safety Wholesale Market ! Our shop website : (www.)al-pine.com     We mainly wholesale the world famous New Electron Products:   - Televisions - Laptop - Call Phones (Apple iphone) - Video Console (Sony PS3, PSP, Xbox, Wii)   - Digital Cameras - GPS, MP3/MP4 - Toys LEGO - Motorcycle (Yamaha, Suzuki, Honda, Victory)     Top 6 Reasons to Shopping at Al-Pine.com   1. All the products are 100% Original Brand new !   2. All the products are direct from our supplier with the Wholesale price !   3. All the products with minimum One-Year Warranty !   4. All The Products FREE Shipping !   5. All The Products 30 days Return Policy !   6. We have the Top quality goods, Excellent sale service and Fast Shipping .     Please log on our Website : (www.)al-pine.com     Contact us, Email : alpsshop@sina.com/ MSN : alps-service@hotmail.com /     We will reply your questions in 24 hours ! Waiting for your purchase on Al-pine.com .    Best Regards"	1
"Hello seller/buyer, Happy New Year !   This is a legality and safety Wholesale Market ! Our shop website : (www.)al-pine.com     We mainly wholesale the world famous New Electron Products:   - Televisions - Laptop - Call Phones (Apple iphone) - Video Console (Sony PS3, PSP, Xbox, Wii)   - Digital Cameras - GPS, MP3/MP4 - Toys LEGO - Motorcycle (Yamaha, Suzuki, Honda, Victory)     Top 6 Reasons to Shopping at Al-Pine.com   1. All the products are 100% Original Brand new !   2. All the products are direct from our supplier with the Wholesale price !   3. All the products with minimum One-Year Warranty !   4. All The Products FREE Shipping !   5. All The Products 30 days Return Policy !   6. We have the Top quality goods, Excellent sale service and Fast Shipping .     Please log on our Website : (www.)al-pine.com     Contact us, Email : alpsshop@sina.com/ MSN : alps-service@hotmail.com /     We will reply your questions in 24 hours ! Waiting for your purchase on Al-pine.com .    Best Regards"	1
"Hello seller/buyer, Happy New Year !   This is a legality and safety Wholesale Market ! Our shop website : (www.)al-pine.com     We mainly wholesale the world famous New Electron Products:   - Televisions - Laptop - Call Phones (Apple iphone) - Video Console (Sony PS3, PSP, Xbox, Wii)   - Digital Cameras - GPS, MP3/MP4 - Toys LEGO - Motorcycle (Yamaha, Suzuki, Honda, Victory)     Top 6 Reasons to Shopping at Al-Pine.com   1. All the products are 100% Original Brand new !   2. All the products are direct from our supplier with the Wholesale price !   3. All the products with minimum One-Year Warranty !   4. All The Products FREE Shipping !   5. All The Products 30 days Return Policy !   6. We have the Top quality goods, Excellent sale service and Fast Shipping .     Please log on our Website : (www.)al-pine.com     Contact us, Email : alpsshop@sina.com/ MSN : alps-service@hotmail.com /     We will reply your questions in 24 hours ! Waiting for your purchase on Al-pine.com .    Best Regards"	1
Hello please can you do so I will be able to bid on your auction. I have a bad rating for the fact that my child is not of tea and bid over me but I'm really 100% ready to pay for your phone. Thank you for understanding	1
hello I'm taking away the receña that I stepped on because the cell phone arrived but not that it took a month and a half thanks ...	1
Hello how else can I contact you? 	0
hello friends this phone is distinguished in very bad condition and is locked descricion of the CIA fail but I get horrible sea state muis estoi I descesionado	0
Hello everyone   Sadly I had to write a review not positive for this product   I received the phone without the Hebrew language that I speak excellent product according to the site as one definitely Hebrew language and familiar images showing crime scenes investigation of Von&amp;amp;amp;amp;apos;s Hebrew Language   Now I must return to China and that makes me financial damage after shipping expense	0
"Hello ebayer :     I would like to introduce you a lawful and secure Wholesale / Retail online trade store,     Product show on: www.Itcsf.com     The Shop have the brand New : HD TVs , Laptops &amp; Notebooks , Mobile Phones &amp; Iphone 3GS , Digital Camera &amp; Camcorder ,   Home Audio , MP3/MP4 Player , Video Game PS3 Console , GPS Receiver and so on .     Most Popular Products : Limit Apple iPhone Never Locked 3GS 32GB ( Factory unlocked ) - Only : $475.76USD     If you have no a Iphone , Please don&apos;t hesitate , join us to get it now , You will find more surprise here !     The best way to contact us :     Email : Service@itcsf.com ( 7days 24hours to contact us )    MSN : webelesale@hotmail.com ( discuss online products questions )    Buy wholesale products at wholesale price from wholesale market Itcsf.com direct !    Looking forward to hearing from you soon .     Regards"	1
"Hello ebayer :     I would like to introduce you a lawful and secure Wholesale / Retail online trade store,     Product show on: (www.)itcsf.com     Most Popular Products : Limit Apple iPhone Never Locked 3GS 32GB ( Factory unlocked ) - Only : $475.76USD     If you have no a Iphone , Please don&apos;t hesitate , join us to get it now , You will find more surprise here !     The best way to contact us :     Email : Service@itcsf. com ( 7days 24hours to contact us )     MSN : webelesale@hotmail. com ( discuss online products questions )     Looking forward to hearing from you soon .     Regards"	1
"Hello ebayer :     Do you want to find a good supplier on cheapest electronics products ?    I would like to introduce you a lawful and secure Wholesale / Retail online trade store,    Product show on:&lt; http://www.Itcsf.com &gt;    They mainly sale the brand New : HD TVs , Laptops &amp; Notebooks , Mobile Phones &amp; Iphone 3GS , Digital Camera &amp; Camcorder ,   Home Audio , MP3/MP4 Player , Video Game PS3 Console , GPS Receiver and so on .     Most Popular Products : Limit Apple iPhone Never Locked 3GS 32GB ( Factory unlocked ) - Only : $475.76USD     If you have no a Iphone , Please don&apos;t hesitate , join us to get it now , You will find more surprise here !    All the Products came from the Original box and Free shipping , They never sale the Used and Refurbished products !    They promise to Customer : 100% High Quality + 100% Brand New + 100% Warranty + 100% Quick Shipping + 100% Secure !    Our belief: Credit is the first, Customers are our god !    Please visit our shop site : www.itcsf.com    The best way to contact us :     Email : Service@itcsf.com  ( 7days 24hours to contact us )     MSN : webelesale@hotmail.com  ( discuss online products questions )    Buy wholesale products at wholesale price from Itcsf.com direct !    Looking forward to hearing from you soon .    Regards"	1
"Hello ebayer :     Do you want to find a good supplier on cheapest electronics products ?    I would like to introduce you a lawful and secure Wholesale / Retail online trade store,    Product show on:&lt; http://www.Itcsf.com &gt;    They mainly sale the brand New : HD TVs , Laptops &amp; Notebooks , Mobile Phones &amp; Iphone 3GS , Digital Camera &amp; Camcorder ,   Home Audio , MP3/MP4 Player , Video Game PS3 Console , GPS Receiver and so on .     Most Popular Products : Limit Apple iPhone Never Locked 3GS 32GB ( Factory unlocked ) - Only : $475.76USD     If you have no a Iphone , Please don&apos;t hesitate , join us to get it now , You will find more surprise here !    All the Products came from the Original box and Free shipping , They never sale the Used and Refurbished products !    They promise to Customer : 100% High Quality + 100% Brand New + 100% Warranty + 100% Quick Shipping + 100% Secure !    Our belief: Credit is the first, Customers are our god !    Please visit our shop site : www.itcsf.com    The best way to contact us :     Email : Service@itcsf.com  ( 7days 24hours to contact us )     MSN : webelesale@hotmail.com  ( discuss online products questions )    Buy wholesale products at wholesale price from wholesale market Itcsf.com direct !    Looking forward to hearing from you soon .    Regards"	1
"Hello ebayer :     Do you want to find a good supplier on cheapest electronics products ?    I would like to introduce you a lawful and secure Wholesale / Retail online trade store,    Product show on:&lt; http://www.Itcsf.com &gt;    They mainly sale the brand New : HD TVs , Laptops &amp; Notebooks , Mobile Phones &amp; Iphone 3GS , Digital Camera &amp; Camcorder ,   Home Audio , MP3/MP4 Player , Video Game PS3 Console , GPS Receiver and so on .     Most Popular Products : Limit Apple iPhone Never Locked 3GS 32GB ( Factory unlocked ) - Only : $475.76USD     If you have no a Iphone , Please don&apos;t hesitate , join us to get it now , You will find more surprise here !    All the Products came from the Original box and Free shipping , They never sale the Used and Refurbished products !    They promise to Customer : 100% High Quality + 100% Brand New + 100% Warranty + 100% Quick Shipping + 100% Secure !    Our belief: Credit is the first, Customers are our god !    Please visit our shop site : www.itcsf.com    The best way to contact us :     Email : Service@itcsf.com  ( 7days 24hours to contact us )     MSN : webelesale@hotmail.com  ( discuss online products questions )    Buy wholesale products at wholesale price from Itcsf.com direct !    Looking forward to hearing from you soon .    Regards"	1
Hello ebay i bought this product  around 3weeks ago..i started using the device and it was terrible! Dont load fast and it always crashes....I hate giving bad reviews but on this one i gamble 100$ and its gone    	0
Hello does any of your note 5 goes to searching or no service. Help someone please 	0
"Hello , New Apple iPhone SE 128GB Gold Rose 127.50US $ + 10.00US Shipping? You from Texas ? I am deaf , I am from Bulgaria Sofia , Plaese price 127.50US $ ? Plaese Plaese Plaese my phone +359 884488737 Viber or Whatsapp chat Plaese important first ! Thank you Plaese write "	0
"HELLO ,  Summary of My Selling Policies (Cheaper) :   Payment Method Accepted: Bank Transfer and Verified Paypal (With Confirmed Address)   Our website : www.wtocecA.com   We mainly sale the world famous brand electrical product .   New Products :PS3 60 go and 80 go version Europe 2 manettes .   Selling :   - Televisions : ( LG ,Sharp ,Toshiba ,Samsung ,Sony ,Panasonic ,Philips ,JVC , HP .)   - Laptop : ( Dell , Hp , sony , Acer , Toshiba , Apple , PDAS )   - Phones ( Nokia , Motorola , Samsung , Sony Ericsson , LG , Panasonic , Apple iphone )   - Console : ( Xbox 360 , Psp , Ps3 , Wii )   - Photograph : ( Digital Video, Digital Cameras,)   - GPS, MP3 MP4 .   All products are brand new in the original packaging with accessories.   please log on our website.     Website : www.wtocecA.com     Delivery : You may expect your item in 3 -- 5 Days  for UPS or Fedex Delivery.   Returns  : 15 Days return Policies .   Contact Me The best way to contact me is through email.   Email : wtoceca@hotmail.com.   MSN : wtoceca@hotmail.com   My average respond time to an email is with in 24 hours.   we do not charge any sales taxes and handling fees.   Merry Christmas in advance !"	1
"Hello ,    The Shop (w-w-w.uionshop.com) is the lawful and secure Wholesale / Retail trade store,     Our Shop Sale :  New  HD Tvs , Laptops &amp; Notebooks , Mobile Phones &amp; Iphone 3GS - Iphone 4 ,Digital Camera &amp; Camcorder ,   Home Audio , MP3/MP4 Player , Video Game PS3 Console , GPS Receiver and so on .     Most Popular : New Apple Iphone 4 unlocked 32GB Black or White -  Factory unlocked  - Only : $540.00 USD     100% High Quality + 100% Brand New + 100% Warranty + 100% Quick Shipping + 100% Secure !     - Please visiting our website to Contact Us !    Buy wholesale products at wholesale price from wholesale market uionshop.com direct !     Looking forward to hearing from you soon .     Regards"	1
"Hello ,    The Shop (w-w-w.uionshop.com) is the lawful and secure Wholesale / Retail trade store,     Our Shop Sale :  New  HD Tvs , Laptops &amp; Notebooks , Mobile Phones &amp; Iphone 3GS - Iphone 4 ,Digital Camera &amp; Camcorder ,   Home Audio , MP3/MP4 Player , Video Game PS3 Console , GPS Receiver and so on .     Most Popular : New Apple Iphone 4 unlocked 32GB Black or White -  Factory unlocked  - Only : $540.00 USD     100% High Quality + 100% Brand New + 100% Warranty + 100% Quick Shipping + 100% Secure !     - Please visiting our website to Contact Us !    Buy wholesale products at wholesale price from wholesale market uionshop.com direct !     Looking forward to hearing from you soon .     Regards"	1
hello  the phone  have a month and  longer has problems.	0
heis scamer don't buy from him	0
He wont refund even though Im 13 mad I spent all my money on this phone and it doesnt work In the UK and he says if I ask for a refund again he will get my account deleted 	0
He wast my time   now i have to wait to return it  and get refund then buy some one new  This is BAD	0
He was trying to make money on people. The phone was 100% charged when you turn it on it went down to 17% and he only wanted to give you a half refund.	0
"he sold to me that this device ""manufacturer refurbished "" completely like new"" he submit me device ????????????? its very bad one . this device fell down and these effects on the slide screen when i use it i can see that it has problem in the slide screen i want to CONTACT  with ebay to solve this problem  URGENTLY PLEASE .   i m soooooo angry  "	0
He sold me iPhone 6 with damage and he said that he can't give me money back because I did a damage. He said all story about how I did it. I don't know how he knows that.  He also said that I'm a liar and he doesn't have a return policy.  It was the worst seller I ever have.  Be careful with him before you buy something from him.  	0
"He sold me and unlock phone with a damage apple ID , so I got confused because of it  Bad seller  Bad product "	0
he sold me a phone that doesnt even work and he said it did he is A SCAMMER DONT BUY FROM HIM!!!!	0
HE SOLD ME A F---KING PHONE THAT DIDNT WORK AND I PAYED ALL THAT MONEY AND I REPORTED HIM TO EBAY I AM SO MAD THAT I DON&apos;T KNOW WHAT TO DO IF EBAY DOESN&apos;T DO ANY THING ABOUT IT I WILL TAKE HIGHER THAN THAT CAUSE THEY SHOULD DO SOMETHING ABOUT SELLER PUTTING UP STUFF THAT DON&apos;T WORK	0
He sold and unlocked iphone SE and it is locked.. Dont buy.. Bad seller..	0
He sent me a brand new phone battery Stone dead aftermarket box it took me 24 hours to charge the battery and it didn't come with a booklet or anything it supposed to be brand new but I'm not a hundred percent sure and it came with an after-market charger which is horrible not very happy very unsatisfied	0
He sells these items for parts. Nothing on this item is of and value. When he was confronted with this he said that the screws that hold it together are parts. But no one will ever buy a used phone for  the screws 	0
He says it works fine but it doesnt any time the phone freeze and the battery is terrible very bad seller i loss money for this ......	0
"He said that hes selling an original phone with its original box, what was my surprise? It has a different imei comparing with ""its original box"" also its battery life isn't good"	0
He promised me he will send the headphone and charger...he never did...all he send is the phone...	0
He never took it off his iCloud.   So it is not useable. And now I have tried to active it and I can not. So now my granddaughter has no phone  	0
"HE LIED ABOUT THE PHONE EVERYTHING IN THE DESCRIPTION WAS A LIE.. THE PHONE WAS NOT UNLOCKED. AND MORE. DONT BUY THIS PHONE OR YOU WILL REGRET. I TRIED CONTACTING HIM, IT BECAME A STORY. CANT EVEN EXPLAIN NOTIN"	0
"He keeps selling damaged phones or with bad esn even dough he says it has clean esn or in great working order, a big waste of time and money not a trusty seller"	0
He is not tech savvy and wanted an easy to operate phone as flip phones are far too expensive. Works great and  great smaller size. I am going to buy another as a back up. No issues with connectivity and we plugged in our TMobile SIM card and started using it without any issues.	1
he is dual nature seller i asked him many time i don&apos;t want to buy cell so cancel purchase but this guy every time said o i ll do but he did nothing   still no response   so why i refer to my friends ?	0
He is cheat. i didnt receive the phone.he just said the phone was lost and refunded the money. but i didnt get my money back until now.	0
He is a scammer everyone please listen and do not purchase form him. I didnt listen to the bad feed back and I got screwed.  Please dont purchase his items. They are bad. He lies and doesnt refund. He doesnt stand by his products . Very hard to get a hold of and deal with 	0
He is a liar! Damaged items and sends the money has not returned! Do not buy things from him !!	0
He has been happy with the phone and I was happy with the seller.	1
He gave me a tracking number on a phone i won the bid on takes payment then 2 days later tell me he's out of stock  on a phone i won. Now i made contact with at least 6 times & told him i would take one one his other phone but a 5% discount does not add up to much. I really think there is some not right with this guy!!!  	1
"he ganado este articulo y el vendedor cancelo mi envió y devolvió mi dinero, cuando yo realmente queria mi articulo, ahora no se porque Ebay me pide pagar por esto a cada momento, esto ha sido un dolor de cabeza"	0
"He doesn't reply my mgs. He's selling bad or damaged stuff.  Bad seller, bad seller, bad seller , bad items ...................................................................."	0
He didn't send item. And he took my times.	0
"He didn't send a complete phone, it had no battery or back. I'm not satisfied with paying almost $50 for just the front of the phone!!"	0
He claims to have sent a phone I purchased to a different address because he got scammed and then sends the package back to the same exact address (or so he claims).  I finally had to open up a claim with eBay to get a refund.  Do no trust this scammer!!!!	0
He charge for new phone but he sent me used one  	0
"He actually delivered a Locked iPhone & Plus He cheated and lied to me, that he will unlock it remotely, Nothing has changed since he lied to me I have try to text him about the problem, he chose to ignore and run away with my money. HE IS A THIEF "	0
He accused me of not returning a high value item but he never messaged me about it and I received the correct item I paid for???? Wtf	0
hazardous materials 	0
hazardous materials 	0
hazardous materials 	0
hazardous materials 	0
"Having problem with the with the phone turn off  by itself  before  battery finish, voice too low, change the Parsons you on the phone talkingames change  to unknow "	0
"Having only used an Iphone before, it has taken me  a while to get use to the Rugby Smart - So far it has done everything I have needed"	1
"Having converted most of my old video collection to DVD I was thrilled to find this film gem in digital format. If you watch this in widescreen format, it really does the battle scene great justice; coupled with surround sound, you&apos;ll be gripped by the amazing cinematography. I would recommend the director&apos;s cut that includes scenes about the relationship between the lead character and his estranged wife and helps you to understand the motivation behind his decision. The run time is 183 minutes for the directors cut and 120 minutes for the cinema version. I was, however, disappointed by the lack of extras, which any fan of this classic would expect to be included. There&apos;s only a 20-minute interview with the director and other shot &quot;making-of&quot; vignettes."	0
"Having a little trouble with the talk-to-text being really slow before it picks up my voice, and just getting used to the overall iPhone experience, I believe I like Android maybe a little better, but just on the fence as I have not had much time to use it and the apps and the format!"	1
"Haven't run the phone long enough to know if battery is great, but phone was in nice condition.  Seems to work well."	1
haven't received item yet so not sure 	0
Haven't got it yet waiting for it to come	0
haven't bought it and i'm not going to. this is definitely a spam. who would pay 350 dollars for a bent ass phone??? i know i wouldn't. ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS!!!! 	0
Haven&apos;t found anything for a dislike yet.  3D sound is amazing. Very nice size and display matched with a 12.6 camera. Love it.	1
"haveing trouble with my k1 looked roud for another,found they were hard to get and what few there were,were expensive,£90-£120..decided to look on ebay found the k1 from china or somewhere? wasent really sure,but my favourite phone (just dont like these with the big scratchy screens)flip type orded one,took about 2 weeks to come,mega suprised,worked perfect,been useing it for about 2 weeks now no problems,infact orded another as a spare and at £45 a real bargain,i cannot say more only what made me at first a bit nervie is you hear these storys about things on ebay but like me mate says things have changed anyway am happy.."	1
"Have used the phone, text and the camera.  Very happy with all.  Will buy again and recommend it to others.  "	1
"Have to put the call on speaker bc you can't understand anything if it's on call unless you put it on speaker, then everyone around hears your call. Very annoying "	0
Have to always put phone on Speakerphone in order to hear conversations. Tried to turn up the volume on phone but it's unsatisfactory 	0
"Have to admit was nervous about ordering a cell phone online, but was VERY SATISFIED... Transaction went very smoothly and very quickly... Very fast shipper... Will defiantly order from again..."	1
"Have reset phone three times, restored and updated software twice, visited Apple store twice. Spent last 4 nights trying to fix phone. Not happy. Phone flips between apps, i have no control over screen. I have watched the phone delete emails, can't save contacts because it flips open other apps. Not happy....  "	0
have put 2 sim cards in it so far and still no signal	0
Have purchase 3 of the G4 reconditioned from this seller.  My family loves them!	1
"Have personally handled the phone, is in 100% condition with flawless touch access, all functions are factory new"	1
"Have only used this phone for a week or so, but it has handed everything I've thrown at it with easy and snappy response. The camera is wonderful if the lighting conditions are good, mediocre without. Then again this is not a dedicated camera. It's very fast and the battery life is great. "	1
Have one that I&apos;ve been using for years. Bought this one for a back-up and xtra. Works great. Good deal. The querty is as advanced as I care to be right now  :)	1
Have not recieved it yet ??	0
"Have not received anything yet! no response from the seller, is been more that 20 days and still waiting."	0
have not received	0
Have not even received it yet. EBay shipping logistics  is horrible.   Amazon tracking has you beat hands down	0
Have not been able to use this phone because it will not activate in the area I live in. I did not know this when I Purchased it so basically it is just a paper weight.	0
Have no complaints about the phone. Works perfect!	1
"Have had this kind of phone the past two years and its a great phone, pretty fast and very durable. Would strongly suggest buying especially for the price."	1
Have had other products and this one competes with those. For the price cant beat it. I used on two iPhone Xs Maxs works great on both. With apple synthetic case I cant even tell that its on.	1
"Have had 2 new ones in the past year, both of them the ear speaker quit after about 4 months, There is no fixing this problem not  for a $40 phone, just throw it away and buy something else that's what I did."	0
have a good day today bye for now	1
"Hate this phone, can&apos;t hear anything and speaker doesn&apos;t really help except makes you louder to the other person. Hit the scroll button once on my favs and it scrolls past that person and lands on the next one. Signal cuts out alot."	0
Hate it. it is too antique and not GSM I am stock with it my customers don&apos;t want it.  ..................................................................................................	0
"Hate it!!! Battery sucks, constantly running background apps (35 at a time)!!! Mini USB doesnt plug in tight. Runs very hot!!"	0
Hat alles kann alles................................................................................................................................................	1
HAS WORKED WELL OVER TIME.GOOD SELLER.WAS IN NEW LIKE CONDITION	1
Has served my girls very well for quite some time now	1
Has no ad slot and no fm radio and only 4 go rom	0
has great signal and i got everything that was promised...only thing is the battery could last a little longer but other then that service was great	1
"Has good weight not so big phone just right , nice camera quality, excellent sound. All together a excellent deal . Will buy again when available! "	1
"Has blue tooth and intuitive menus. Not expansive like fancier phones, but for people who like simple phones that are fast to use, this does the job well."	1
"Has Android 6, 5mp camera, WiFi, Bluetooth, memory expandable  to 128gb. This Phone is small easy to carry  around, really advanced for a low cost Phone. I love it! It's  not an Apple 7, but a great Phone for the buck. I highly recommend and would definitely  buy this Phone again."	1
"Has a good sound to it.Other people can hear you good even on speakerphone.After playing about three songs it turns itself off automaticly.This is not a good feature.I bought it because it had a mp3 player,and a radio,but I dont like it turning itself off on me."	0
"Has a good sound to it.Other people can hear you good even on speakerphone.After playing about three songs it turns itself off automaticly.This is not a good feature.I bought it because it had a mp3 player,and a radio,but I dont like it turning itself off on me."	0
Hardly any scratches now I have to get a sim to test it out. I was taking it to the phillipines with me.	1
"Hardly any options to customize. Reception is awful in most places even when there are towers. Its takes to many steps to do everything, even just to send or reply to a text. Its just doesn't send it at times and just puts it in outbox, no notification no retry on sending."	0
"hard to make a review when the item was not sent, this was a waste of time and too much trouble for any normal person."	0
"Hard to answer any of the questions above since phone arrived without battery cover (seller claimed not to know it should have one) or battery (seller called it &quot;oversight&quot;).  After purchasing battery found out that phone was faulty and only worked for 5 min. at a time.  I was only buying it to restore information from my Blackberry desktop application from lost phone so I could transfer it to new Google Android phone.    I did subsequently purchase a 7230 for the same purpose, and it worked like a charm in all aspects."	0
Happy with the way the product looks. New in a box. Shipped right when it was supposed to come. I would recommend this product.	1
happy with the phone	1
Happy with my purchase ...	1
"Happy over all. Good looking phone, excellent navigation. Good camera, but I come from an S3 I can tell there are differences. I liked the one on the S3 better"	1
Happy and satisfied	1
"Handled All Issues Professionally ,Fast Shipping , & Product Was Packaged Well !! Great Customer Service Skills As Well !! I Love My IPhone 6 !!! "	1
"hallo, wir sind leider sehr enttäuscht von diesem telefon.  ausser der optik ist wirklich nicht viel gelungenes an diesem handy.  der lautsprecher für die musikwiedergabe ist so schlecht, da hör ich lieber meine alten schallplatten. der klang ist dumpf und nicht sehr laut.  auch beim klingeln geht die lautstärke nicht auf das gewünschte maß.  die filmwiedergabe ruckel sehr nervig.  über den akku kann ich selbst leider nichts sagen, da dass telefon meine freundin benutzt.  im vergleich zu anderen handys in dieser kategorie schneidet dieses telefon sehr schlecht ab.  einziges, was mir an diesem telefon gefällt ist, dass man einstellen kann, dass es erst vibriert und dann klingelt."	0
"Hallo, What do you mean, The phone will not work with Sprint ? What is the Sprint? I live in Germany, dose it work here? Thanks "	1
"Hallo, ich schreibe über den Kauf der Reinfor Nokia 9210i, erkannte ich, dass sie zum Verkauf gestellt hat, das andere Zelle Nokia 9210i mit niedrigeren Kosten können Sie Abbrechen, L\ &apos; Kauf zugesagt, eine mit geringeren Kosten zu kaufen? Ich erwarte Ihre Nachricht-Danke"	1
"Hallo seller/buyer :   Are you looking for a good supplier on Cheaper electron products ?   This is an secure agent of online trade company .     Product show on:&lt; http:www.bletrade.com &gt;     Our Store sale original New : Lcd tv, Laptop, Call Phones ( Iphone ), Cameras, PS3 Consoles, MP3, DVD/GPS, Shower .     All the products came from original manufacturer and in the original box.   We can offer you the best Quality products and Fast shipping , Cheaper Price.     Our advantage : lowest price than others seller on the same products.     This is our website: www.bletrade.com     Please contact me ,  Email : service@bletrade.com     Msn : ble-trade@hotmail.com     If you want more information, please feel free to contact with me.     Regards"	1
Half the apps would not work. Kept giving me error messages. Put brand new SIM card from at&t and my old Sim card it worked 70% ...bought all kinds of accessories for it. And now its a paperweight......	0
Hahahahaha bueno	1
Had to send it back to seller because it wasn't comparable with my phone service like I was told it was.	0
"Had to return product due to a screen fault... got my return purchase amount after 8 weeks minis the return postage cost... still waiting for reply to postage cost, all gone silent now after many request. Would not recommend buying high tech items from OS."	0
had to return it could not get data or wifi	0
Had to request more batteries phone just stop working and had not been purchase last year February 2016	0
"Had to replace the phone after a couple of months, because Bluetooth kept crashing the whole phone. May have been just this unit, but it made it almost impossible to live with for me. Your mileage may vary."	0
Had to remove Google account now works fine thanks	1
"Had this phone when they first came out with AT&T. Two years later I changed carrier and cell phone, now the phone was great while I had it no problems what soever with it. Now I have it again and it`s been more then a week. No problems or issues, I received phone before the delivery date. And in A+ condition like new as stated. Very happy !!!"	1
Had this phone for years water proof shock proof 	1
Had this phone for less than 24 hours and it quit working.  Would not power on or charge.   Was told by cell phone provider that it was probably a bad power chip on the mother board.  Seems it is an issue with this model phone.  	0
"Had this phone for 2 years.  It never dropped a call. Has the best voice quality of any phone I have ever used (I have a slight hearing loss and need the volume and clarity of this phone).  While traveling, my wife was constantly dropping calls on her other model phone on the same phone plan and had no problem with mine.  After two years, I replaced it with a different model phone and gave the Audiovox to her.  Two and 1/2 years after that, she would fight anyone who tried to take her phone even tho she is eligible for a new one free.  I am now searching for another CDM 8900 because I have never had a phone to perform as that one did for me and does for her now 4-1/2 years old.  It is such a shame that the best phone ever was taken off the market so soon.  It is still the best phone ever."	1
Had this phone a few weeks and it stopped working too it to cell one to see if they could figure out the problem. They couldn't. Complete water of money.	0
"Had this model before and didn't want to switch.  Was very happy to find this replacement.,  Great condition. Performs well.  thanks"	1
Had the return the phone. It was advertised as working with Verizon but would not work when I took it to the Verizon store.	0
had the phone for less than a week I dropped it and broke right away the phone is very fragile and it should have been specified in the ad for the phone that it is fragile and you need a case for it I paid a lot of money for that phone and I had it for a week and now I can&apos;t do nothing with it	0
"Had questions on product, which were quickly resolved. Would definitly deal with this seller again."	1
"had problems with charging port first week,the following week phones keeps on going off by itself on even on a full charge,doesnt charge anymore"	0
had only couple of relatively negative observations regarding the phone: The speakers&apos; quality is diminishing at higher volume; and the availabe alternative phone themes are ugly compared with what other phone makers (specially sony ericsson) are usually provide with their phones	1
Had one defect but it was rated as B condition so I fixed it myself. Still happy overall	0
Had one before and it was a great phone. The price is right for a smart phone. It does everything the other more pricey phone do.	1
"Had my phone 1/2 hour and it was getting HOT to the touch, text seller, who said phone heats up when you first turn it on and charge,  a week later, I'm sitting in my chair, phone next to me charging ( it had 50 %, I was topping it up ) and glanced over to see my phone GLOWING, I could NOT pick up, it was so hot, I unplugged and contacted seller, who said SEND IT BACK FOR FULL REFUND, rite now I'm just waiting for refund ?????"	0
Had it over a year and it still works perfect.	1
Had it for over a year and never had any issues...awesome device! 	1
Had barely got the phone going and had to reset it because of a couple concerns and because I couldn't remember my ages old haven't used for years original Google account I will have to send it back to the factory for reset. I am a 75 year old disabled senior citizen its very hard for me to do! Bad practice on Google and LG! George Meek	0
Had another one so I already like all the perks this phone has.  Perfect phone	1
"Had an issue when I first go the phone, the house charger didnt&apos; work correctly.  I contacted them, they told me to try the car charger and it worked fine.  They promptly sent me a new house charger.  Great service, Great price and Great customer care!!  Thank you"	1
"Had a S4 with a 4.1 OS needed 4.2 OS for a new  App. I took both to Samsung phones to the Samsung  booth @ BB. to have all the data transferred. They could have pushed S4 to 5.0 OS for free. So I could have had a better phone at no charge, Oh Well, at least I got a back up."	1
Had a few more scratches on the screen but I'm very satisfied with what i recieved. A great deal. Thanks.  	1
"Ha sido rapidísimo tardaron dos semanas, increíble. Muy satisfecho totalmente recomendable el vendedor "	1
Guy tried to tell me off because HIS product was was not working!!? Rude. terrible customer service.	0
"Guy over pricing for something thats obviously stolen, like I mean get tf outta here dude. "	0
Gteat features...	1
GSMArena & other tech sites rates it as the best night low-light camera and telephoto camera & best screen	1
"Grey flickering line appearing from top of screen, over a period of time phone completely froze up. Not able to set up Touch ID. "	0
gret iphone item was as described and im really enjoying this product	1
Green eggs and ham	1
Great!!+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++	1
Great! It will take getting use to the iPhone because I have been using android phones. I always wanted an iPhone. I'm happy with my purchase!	1
"Great! It was a gift to my wife and she loves it. Now she has to learn how to use it. Oh, by the way there was ""NO"" protective casing with the phone when it arrived. This could be a problem if it is dropped or hit against something."	1
Great working phone good value	1
GREAT WORK PHONE	1
Great value-Almost like new	1
Great value.  I upgraded from the 6 + 4 my wife she loves it	1
"GREAT VALUE, VERY HAPPY, (THE WIFE IS)"	1
"Great value, quick shipping. I don''t have any problems with my phone. Thanks so much."	1
"Great value, great product, fast service."	1
"Great value,  picture quality is excellent"	1
Great value!! Nice buy. Nice phone. Good cell  battery life. The phone has a lot of perks it's a good phone	1
GREAT VALUE EASY SET UP EASY TO USE 'GOOD SIGNAL CLEAR SCREEN	0
Great value and accurately described. Worth the discount. Wonderful seller and fast shipping. A+++	1
Great used phone for the price.	1
great unit.I enjoy the unit and it benifits are great i will recomend it to  all my friends thank you samsung...	1
"Great transaction, fast shipping"	1
Great transaction! Thanks	1
Great tracfone smartphone.	1
"Great to deal with thank for following through and getting me the phone so quick, great product also thanks for everything"	1
Great style. People always take notice of it. 	1
Great Smartphone! Large display and crystal clear! Easy to use! Love the dual camera with button on side to take great pictures! Easy app access! Texting simple & fast! Will definitely recommend to family & friends! Great Value	1
"Great smart phone that is easy to use. Has a camera with a flash, replaceable battery, sim card and slot for an SD card. Has the latest android operating system lollypop. Call quality is great. Phone works well on WIFI and data. Phone is also hearing aid compatible."	1
great slim phone cant belive its not popular it works great kind a promblem if you text alot    zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz	1
"Great size phone, awesome memory capacity. New android version ok. Auto adjust screen brightness not so good, better before with 0% brightness between 12 and 6 a.m.  Needs a case; very slippery to hold phone otherwise. Speaker reasonably loud. Charging plug a bit tough to use."	1
"Great service, very responsive, highly recommended "	1
"Great service, good communication, fast shipping. Highly recommend!  "	1
"Great service, bad phone, I am on my second one and it also broke. I would not recomend this phone to anyone. the buttons on the side turn on and off different features while in your pocket also."	0
"Great service, amazing communication!!! "	1
Great service and fast shipping. Exactly as described. 	1
Great service and fast shipping 	1
Great seller-fast shipping	1
Great seller... horrible product.  Doesn't close properly and both screens cracked as I was trying to place on phone.  Worthless product	0
Great seller. Very trustly. 	1
Great seller. Very fast delivery.	1
Great seller. Shipped fast without problems. Not much else to say....                                                                         .                                                                                   .                                                    ...	1
Great seller. Product in very acceptable condition. 	1
Great seller. Phone is exactly how described and prompt shipping as well. Thank you!	1
"Great seller. Perfect communication, speedy delivery. A++++"	1
Great seller. Item as described. It works perfectly thanks!	1
"Great seller. I got the phone clean with all the parts n cables in the box. Clean, no scratches as seller described the item. Im totally happy. Many thanks  :)"	1
Great seller. Highly recommend him. 	1
great seller. A+	1
"Great Seller, will do business again. Widely recommended. International buyers don&apos;t hesitate doing business with him, he is serious and his service and communication are outstanding."	1
"Great seller, responds to messages very quickly. Item I'd as described. Will buy again from them "	1
"Great seller, product in good condition"	1
"gREAT SELLER, NICE PHONE A BIT OVER PRICE BUT WORKS &amp; LOOKS NEW.  Would buy from this seller again, great communication."	1
"Great seller, Great device. "	1
"Great seller, fast shipping, quality iPhone and great price!  "	1
"Great seller, fast shipping, perfect product"	1
"Great seller, fast shipping "	1
"Great seller, fast shipment  "	1
great seller!!! good packaging and product corresponds to the description !!! I am very glad. I recommend! 	1
"Great seller! Product arrive fast, secure and as advertised. I do appreciate this negotiation. "	1
Great seller with a great phone came as advertised thank you	1
"Great seller very responsive and great communication thru out the process, and fast shipping! Recommended!"	1
Great seller fast shipment!!!	1
Great seller answered all questions and shipped quicky. Phone was as described! Thank you	1
Great seller and very fast... 	1
Great seller and quick shipping!	1
great seller and iphone was in perfect condition. very fast shipping 	1
Great seller and highly recommend it! Fast shipping and attention to detail! Thank you! Very happy with my new phone!	1
"Great seller and a fast shipper, would definitely buy from this seller again. "	1
"great seller , phone is exactly how it was described  would do busniess again"	1
Great selection. Great prices. Great support.	1
Great screen resolution and good internal memory	1
Great response time and delivery turn around 	1
Great replacement phone for cheap money .  Works great &amp; easy to use.  Battery life is fantastic .  I bought this phone as a back up to replace my lost phone .  I didn&apos;t want to spend a lot of money or want to sign a new contract for 2 more years.	1
Great replacement for my similar phone that quit working.   Only one small defect that has no affect on operation or phone integrity.  Well worth the price.	1
Great reliable phone. Lots of useful features for everyday things. Love it!! Bought another one after my first one was stolen	1
Great refurbished phone. Works great. No issues.	1
Great quality used phone for reasonable price.	1
Great quality product. Very happy with it. It updates itself and sends out emergency messages like tornado warnings.	1
Great quality product 	1
Great quality phone.this is the phone that I always wanted very happy with it.my wife also has one she is also very happy with it	1
"Great purchase. I was nervous about purchasing an iPhone online, but the phone works great. The sellers customer service was wonderful. I will purchase with him again! Thank you again!"	1
"Great purchase,excellent seller!!"	1
"Great purchase, fast shipping "	1
Great product... the only issue is the battery doesn't last very long...	0
Great product... Great seller... Easy transaction... Great communication 	1
Great product. Worked perfectly and arrived new from seller with zero problems.	1
Great product. Quick shipping	1
Great product. Fair price.	1
Great product.  Holds infinite contacts and has a full key pad and is not slowed by touch screen interface like all other smart phones.	1
Great product.  Great price and delivered as expected.  Good service.  Thank you!	1
Great product.  30 day warranty.  Make sure you check IMEI number with your carrier before you buy a phone.	1
"great product,, great ebayer needed it shipped fast and it was shipped faster than expected,, the company took the extra time to make it happen ,,,thanks again"	1
"Great product, thank you very much."	1
"Great product, seller interaction, fast delivery. Definitely recommended."	1
"Great product, quick transaction. A+ in my book."	1
"Great product, prompt shipping, excellent service, thanks and look forward to doing business with you in the future."	1
"great product, love the phone, for it being my first android product i only wish i would  have done it sooner instead of going with the iphone,, the captivate is way more personal, can set it to your personal liking without being restricted like my apple iphone,,in fact i think i may be selling my ipad when the galaxy tab releases and going with that as well.."	1
"Great product, love it"	1
"Great product, like new -- just what I was looking for.  "	1
"Great product, I have one now and I wanted the same kind of key board cause they dont have them here anymore."	1
"Great product, hardly any sign of wear. Great seller. "	1
"Great product, great seller! A+"	1
"Great product, great price. Thank you!"	1
"Great product, fast shipping. True to description. Would repurchase. "	1
"Great product, fast ship!"	1
"Great product, fast delivery, and great price!"	1
"Great product, excellent price, great communicator, Great seller! 10/10! "	1
"Great product, as described. Fast shipping"	1
"great product, and nice seller, always in contact to see the product delivered :D"	1
GREAT PRODUCT!!! THANK YOU!!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND	1
great product!!!	1
Great product! Great buying experience!	1
Great product! fast shipping and wonderful customer service! it was a pleasure working with you guys! keep it up!	1
Great product will order from them again. My son wants one now.	1
"Great product replacement!  My husband broke his phone like this one, and the price of this new phone allowed us to replace the old one without starting a new phone contract.  Delivered very quickly!  Wonderful!"	1
Great product reasonable 	1
"great product quality for price. great phone with great pre-loaded apps, easy to use and can use on the t-mobile network no problem."	1
Great product I love the speed and design. 	1
great product fast shippingextremely happy with trade	1
Great product fast shipping. AAAA++++	1
Great product and service 	1
Great product and seller was extremely helpful.	1
Great Product . working good !	1
Great product - works as expected.	1
great product   easy to use  	1
Great product 	1
"Great Produc,Smart Phone,Nice picture,great comunication,cute,great price.  Great Produc,Smart Phone,Nice picture,great comunication,cute,great price."	1
Great price. Phone in good condition. A +++ 	1
"Great price, shipping took a little longer than expected but the seller answered all my questions in a timely manner and overall im very pleased with the purchase. "	1
"Great Price, product description on point and just had to do the Factory Reset instead of Hard Reset that EMB recommended before inserting sim,Overall Love my Note8"	1
"great price, great seller except it doesn't come with a sim card"	1
great price quick shipping	1
Great price great product    	1
Great price good phone!	1
Great price and product 	1
Great price and great unit for a student in Jr High School.	1
Great price and fast shipping Would buy from again	1
great pix quality and sound	1
Great Pirce my second one love the programs 	1
Great phone¡ Who needs a Samsung or an àpple?  No	1
Great phone.Great deal.	1
Great phone...still getting acquainted with all the features. 	1
great phone....2nd one I have owned....use with straightalk and works with no issues..great service and web browsing	1
"Great phone.....Recommended..fast shipping, great features....recommended buyer...A++++++++++++++++++++++++++"	1
"Great phone.. Lost one and would not settle for any other phone. Comes with a big amount of memory for songs and videos, loud speaker and has plenty of custom cases to add style. Only downfall would be keyboard buttons are small but only phone so far with full keyboard i could text with one hand. Also has Micro SD slot for more memory.. all around awesome phone"	1
Great phone.. I really love it.. very easy and simple :) besides I love its color :) great buy :) easy transaction and fast shipping :) 	1
Great phone. We love the ease of navigation &amp; ability to customize the tiles. All reviews of this phone speak of how durable it is &amp; those are true. The camera has taken great pictures. Having come from an Iphone 4s it has been an easy transition. The only downside of this phone is its weight.	1
"Great phone. Very, very fast delivery. Would buy from them again."	1
Great phone. Very fast	1
"GREAT PHONE. SIMPLE TO USE. GOOD CAMERA QUALITY. SMART PHONE. IT&apos;S NOT LIGHT AS OTHER PHONES, IT&apos;S QUITE HEAVY. YOU WILL FEEL THE PHONE IN YOUR POCKET. ALSO IT HAS GOT GREAT BATTERY LIFE"	1
Great phone. Options to select ring tones and pictures for each contact. games and other stuff can be downloaded from computer to memory card and work great. I love this phone.	1
Great phone. Nothing really special. But different from other phones. A little too big. --------------	1
Great phone. no problems with set up. 	1
Great phone. Mine came I  basically newcondition with no scratches I can see. Over half off from sprint.	1
Great phone. Love the battery life. I am an Android believer again. :)	1
Great phone. Like the size.	1
Great phone. In great condition and unlocked. I love it. Thanks for your speedy service. 	1
Great phone. I love that you even on the Verizon network I can install custom roms. Great value for the price!	1
Great phone. I had a Pixel 1 and now this--better battery and faster.  	1
"Great phone. handy   never leave the house with out it  manage all your e-mail, seach the net text and more"	1
Great phone. Great value for the money. This is my upgrade phone and I am very impressed with it&apos;s performance.	1
Great phone. Great service 	1
"GREAT phone. fast,easy to use and windows mobile is like havin my laptop in my back pocket!!! only negative is the stylus thats included severly scratched my screen. wouldnt recommend usin it! =)"	1
Great phone. Even better value.	1
Great phone. All cell bands.  Working 100 percent on Verizon! Comparable to Samsung flagships for hundreds less.	1
Great phone.  Love it 	1
Great phone.  Easy to use. Long battery life.	1
"Great phone.  Clear, sharp screen with vivid colors.  Performs well.  Good buy."	1
"great phone,wife likes it,would buy another one if needed.realy haven&amp;apos;t have anything else to say about this phone,nice phone for the money,be nice if it would come in black."	1
"Great phone,nice price bought for daugther she really loves it.Everything she wants in a phone very well pleased"	1
"Great phone,great value!"	1
"Great Phone, works well with GearVR"	1
"Great phone, works perfect! Fast shipping. A+++"	1
"Great phone, works as expected, fast processor, clear screen."	1
"Great phone, we each have one now.  I loved mine so much that when I had an accident with it I chose to get the same phone again!  Longest battery life of any of the Galaxies. "	1
"Great phone, very little scratches you barely can tell that ot a refurbished  phone"	1
"Great phone, very fast, light weight, great screen.  "	1
"Great phone, unfortunately Sprint would not activate it because I was on the &quot;edge of coverage&quot; ... like 300 feet!  Good seller ... accepted the return without any issues."	1
"Great phone, runs Windows 10, long battery life as long as you are not trying to use live tiles without being plugged in."	1
"great phone, really enjoy it, great look, light and nice camera. defenitely great purchase,buy it it is amazing."	1
"Great phone, previously I had N900, and now N9, Maemo-Meego are a super power couple!!!!    The updates are constant, practically we don&apos;t even know what else to expect from this device"	1
"Great phone, nothing bad to say about it "	1
"Great phone, no issues at all. Read the reviews and they were all positive and it turns out the phone is just what I would expect in a much more expensive phone."	1
"Great phone, love all the features."	1
"GREAT PHONE, LIKE THE COLOR. I HAVE NO PROBLEMS WITH IT. WORKS WELL ON MY NETWORK. SLIDING MECHANISM IS VERY SMOOTH YET FIRM."	1
"Great phone, last? and best of the dual screen eInk phones. Unfortunately YotaPhone is bankrupt. Get them while you can."	1
"Great phone, just what I wanted at a good price."	1
"great phone, just as described.   Fast delivery.  "	1
"Great phone, has everything that I wanted."	1
"Great Phone, great price....."	1
"great phone, great condition, excellent shipping. Recommend this seller to anyone. Was looking for a phone and this was the one that was just right, the descrption was just what we read"	1
"Great phone, good shape, great value!"	1
"great phone, good aplications , excellent performance , i love this...  all the phones would be like this one..."	1
"Great phone, excellent condition! "	1
"Great Phone, Easy to Use, Fits well in your Pocket. It Seems to have POOR Battery Usage/life, Doesn&apos;t Stay Charged Very Long when Texting"	1
"Great phone, easy to use batery last long time, the walkie talkie is graet, i realy recomend these phone, cheap and good quality"	1
"Great phone, came with everything as described"	1
"Great Phone, but the quality of the phone is horrible.It only lasted three days then broke.Would not recommed this phone,not a great buy."	0
"Great phone, bought as new other.  There was no scratches, essentially a new phone and runs flawlessly so far."	1
"Great phone, as described. Great seller, fast shipping. Would most definitely do business with again. Thank you!! Love it!!"	1
"Great phone! Third HTC One M9 I've owned, love this model."	1
Great Phone! Love the larger and curved screen. Battery lasts longer than I expected! Strong and sturdy. Great overall!	1
Great phone! It&apos;s awesome for texting and it&apos;s very easy to use. Any one can learn how to use. I would recommend this phone!	1
Great phone! In wonderful condition!	1
great phone! i luv it. much better than the one i had before. i needed a new phone and my old one gave me way too many problems	1
"Great phone! I love it, it&apos;s one of the best phones I &apos;v ever had. So easy to carry around and use. I just have to get used to it, but other than that, it works great."	1
Great Phone! I like the phone its sleek and the battery last for 4-5 days with normal use. THe phone also has the ability to get TV from it and that is amazing. Also the camera being a 2 mp camera witht he display takes awsome pics . Only down side to the phone would be its headphone jack is only a 2.5 mm and the phone is only cabable of 2 gig memory with the mini memory card.    Put music on it and the layout for the music player is really easy to use. Overall great phone great price no complaints at all.	1
Great Phone! I actually bought two of these for my sons. They are not expensive and are great for a non-smart phone. I am also able to use them with my exsisting at&amp;t account without the hassle of doing an upgrade or changing anything. All I have to do is switch the sims card and thats it. For the money this phone is a great value.	1
"Great phone! Great design, works perfect, awesome functions. looks cool too. Definitely suggest buying, plus you can watch live NFL games on the phone. I&apos;m sold!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"	1
Great phone! Almost like the Galaxy 3. Best phone Ive ever owned. Only problem is short battery life.. overall best deal Ive made on Ebay so far.	1
GREAT PHONE WOULD NOT BE WITHOUT IT.  FITS IN THE PALM OF YOUR HAND HAS GOOD BATTERY LIFE AND DURABLE.  TOO BAD IT HAS A PLASTIC SCREEN WISH BLACKBERRY WOULD IMPROVE THAT.	1
Great phone works great with my.  Apple  watch... Very fast nice size screen. Good all around of a phone. Thank you. Timothy Thank you Apple......by Verizon very good service	1
Great Phone worked perfectly...was able to get it here in time for xmas..it was used but looks and worked brand new..the seller was very accommodating and spent part of his sale price to mail it out in time..	1
"Great phone with plenty of memory and a beautiful screen, but....  lousy reception.. No service when I'm at home, my wife's phone gets 3 bars at home.. bought a new sim card and still no service at home."	0
Great phone with great features. Great touch screen and memory amount: up to 500 messages! Get this phone!	1
Great phone with good battery life. Was advertised as 256 gb but is 128 gb. Took seller four days to ship but once shipped it arrived quickly. Slow to answer messages. 	1
great phone with fast processor and long battery life. easy to use and very dependable. like it better than the newer phones.	1
"Great phone will recommend this phone for the ease of use and the 16GB storage. I bought this phone for my daughter and she really love it. The phone give you access to all of the nice application and allow you to surf the internet. A lot of storage space to download music, photos, and videos."	1
Great phone verá fast ship	1
great phone to use!	1
Great phone to buy at a great price. Shows you don't always have to go out and buy the latest Galaxy S phone.	1
great phone that can do almost anything for you	1
Great phone so far with no problems. The only negative thing to say is that the battery drains down too fast.  Other than that it is a very reliable source of technology and fun.  Thanks!	1
GREAT PHONE READ ALL REVIEWS GETS SOMEWHAT OF A BAD RAP COMPAIRED TO OTHER TYPES OF PHONES....GREAT PHONE 5/5.....	1
Great phone Quality is excellent	1
Great phone overall A grade. Its has a fantastic camera and great battery life for those who use their phone alot.	1
"Great phone over all for the cost, Looks and works great slides with ease and touch feature reacts nicely"	1
Great phone or you don t have iPhone .  Buy it for a présent to à girl.  You buy à great pink phone not à great phone	1
Great phone my mom loves its 5 stars.	1
great phone love it just wat i wanted. great condation is just the rite size not to big it dont get in the way of my work has goo sound and can do a lot wit it love it	1
Great phone love it just doesn't work on spring network considering the fact that it's a global ready device.	1
Great phone love it	1
Great phone like new! Very fast service !	1
Great phone just what I wanted 	1
Great phone it has nice features easy to see.i would like to see it a little cheaper but great value.	1
"Great phone in great condition at a great price. Took a little bit of time to get to my house, but definitely worth the wait!!! I would totally buy something from this seller again!    Paul K"	1
"Great phone I love it!! I thought Virgin Mobile wouldn&apos;t be as great as the leading name brand phone companies, but it is! Blackberry&apos;s are great all around.. Small, easy to use, and fast."	1
Great phone has all the bells and whistles and prices to go. Brand new in box unlocked great value 	1
great phone hallo hallo hallo	1
"Great phone great value, More then happy ! Check out site !!!"	0
"Great phone great camera. Take some time to adjust coming from a Samsung,(missing the edge screen and some air movements). Lightning fast. No glitches. Do all jobs fast? Google Assistant is in another level (I dictate this review, set alarms, start Spotify and play music) does everything in a fun way). Unfortunately only in English no Greek language. Sound over Bluetooth is great. A lot of steps to configure the volume. Louder and higher quality than expected from a Bluetooth transmission. The screen is very nice but it's not a Samsung... Watching movies is okay but on dark scenes, you lose a lot of information. Need to boost The screen light just to see the scene. The camera is exceptional. Took a picture in 0 light and it came out astonishing. GPS is fast and accurate. Very satisfied"	1
Great phone good price this the second phone that bought from this seller and have been just what they said it would be great seller thanks	1
Great phone good battery life and just the right size 	1
Great phone from Samsung. The color is a cross between white and a pale blue hue. It looks stunning.	1
"Great phone for those who enjoy tactile function, easy to navigate after leaving iPhone "	1
Great phone for the price. Does everything you need it to do. Love the screen and overall look of the phone.	1
Great phone for the price.  	1
Great phone for the price. 	1
Great phone for the price. 	1
Great phone for the price!!! Good battery life and the phone feels good in your hand!! if you want a good phone and do not want to spend a lot of money then this is a good buy! I could have bought about 8 of these phones for the price of my samsung galaxy s4. My samsung galaxy s4 only lasted 2 months and the screen went black! I will not spend that kind of money on another phone again! This ZTE Paragon 4G phone has worked as good as any and for much less money!	1
"Great phone for the price! Functions as if it were  new, with maybe a slightly shorter battery life. The LCD shadow is not noticeable or enough to be annoying."	1
Great phone for the price works extremely fast and downloads very fast for internet use battery life is very long easy to program and walkthrough	1
"Great phone for the price and was shipped to me by seller really quick and wrapped really well. It was also in original package with all info . I was also able to purchase a year insurance with this for under $15.00 Thank You, Diane O."	1
great phone for the price	1
great phone for the person that don&apos;t need all of the bells and whistles.. has a nice size screen.. highly recommend	1
"Great phone for the money . No bloat . Good battery life . Feels good in your hand , like a more expensive phone . "	1
Great phone for simple G-Suite Business set-up. Not super fancy but it handles the basic applications.	1
Great phone for price.  Great for my daughter.  She loves it.  	1
"Great phone for anyone who needs a durable phone.  This is the closest replica to the nokia brick that could be nearly destroyed and still opperational.  My first phone was the same model, and everyone knows how kids treat their phones ( accidentally of course).  This is my second phone put to hard abuse motor shop and farm hand use and has never let me down.  Has all the features needed in a regular phone without the price or sensitivity to breakage.  I would highly recommend this phone to anyone."	1
"Great phone for anyone who needs a durable phone.  This is the closest replica to the nokia brick that could be nearly destroyed and still opperational.  My first phone was the same model, and everyone knows how kids treat their phones ( accidentally of course).  This is my second phone put to hard abuse motor shop and farm hand use and has never let me down.  Has all the features needed in a regular phone without the price or sensitivity to breakage.  I would highly recommend this phone to anyone."	1
"Great phone for anyone who needs a durable phone.  This is the closest replica to the nokia brick that could be nearly destroyed and still opperational.  My first phone was the same model, and everyone knows how kids treat their phones ( accidentally of course).  This is my second phone put to hard abuse motor shop and farm hand use and has never let me down.  Has all the features needed in a regular phone without the price or sensitivity to breakage.  I would highly recommend this phone to anyone."	1
Great phone for a teenage txting machine! My kids love this style of phone!! With the full keyboard it is easy to text on and you can get your email as well as surf the web.	1
Great phone for a smart phone beginner. Bought for father in law. 	1
Great phone for a reasonable price.   Really easy to activate.  It came as advertised and really looked better than I thought it would.	1
"Great phone for a realistic price. Only issue is the colour on home button wear out, never had any other issue with it."	1
Great phone for a great price!	1
Great Phone for a great price	1
"great phone except the bloatware. But considering its standard operation now, its a good value. just wish the bloatware was easy to uninstall."	1
GREAT PHONE EASY TO USE WITH STRAIGHT TALK GET TO 55 UNLIMITED DATA PLAN AND TURN ON YOUR HOTSPOT TO CONNECT EVERYTHING IN THE HOUSE OUR OFFICE TO YOUR PHONE ALL AT ONCE FOR UNLIMITED SERVICE	1
Great phone easy to use great condition love touch screens better than my last phone nice size phone nice weight looks nice	1
Great phone easy to get used to everything I need 	1
"Great phone crystal clear sound, long battery life "	1
Great phone but need to know more info on this particular one because i tried getting it activated and cricket told me that it was reported lost or stolen so i cannot use it at all.....worthless...	0
Great phone but my only issue that its 3g instead of 4g..service..	1
"Great phone but it doesn&apos;t work well with the Metro PCS service. The GPS never fully functions unless you&apos;re connected to wi-fi and picture messaging fails most of the time. Overall, I regret purchasing an unlocked phone and would&apos;ve rather kept the old and outdated Metro phone I had."	0
Great phone but battery tends to overheat in the case.  The phone tends to dail random numbers in your contact list.  Tried 2 different phone and dicided to go back to my Blackberry.	0
Great phone big screen looks new who ever buy one will love it.	1
great phone best phone work good	1
Great phone at reasonable price.  Long battery life.  Dual SIM is a nice plus.  Recording phone calls is very easy.  4G works with AT&T pre-paid in the US.  Came with Android 6 but immediately upgraded to 7 .... which is perfect for me because with the headset a short click actually mutes the call (on Android 8 short click hangs up .... this is a big deal personally for me).  32 GB storage and 3 GB RAM plenty for my needs.	1
Great phone at a great price.  So happy that it really was a brand new phone. 	1
"Great phone at a great price,works like new."	1
GREAT PHONE AT A GOOD PRICE  COULD NOT BE MORE PLEASED WORKS AND FUNCTIONS PERFECTLY 	1
Great phone and works very well with boot mobile as advertised 	1
Great Phone and wireless charger 	1
great phone and was  delivered fast a great seller that holds up to their word thanks	1
"Great phone and seller!!! Phone was delivered in just 3 days and was such a great phone. Very professonal, It was truly my pleasure!!!!"	1
Great phone and seller worth it all the way. No problems with seller or anything else!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Hate doing reviews due to not knowing what to say but all is good	1
Great phone and seller recommenced.	1
Great phone and great price.	1
Great phone and fast shipping	1
Great phone and fast shipment. Thanks. Please enter at leat 100 characters? Why is that. It&apos;s a great phone and fast shipment.	1
great phone and experience from this seller  i will buy again from this seller.  I was way on a camping trip for a week and didn&apos;t know i had won  kind of new to the eBay thing    but the seller was kind enough to wait a week  more than happy tanks	1
great phone and a great place to buy it is e-bay they got it all.the phone has everything you need blue tooth text megs are easy to do on this phone . love it and would tell other people to buy one also. thanks to the seller he was fast on the shipping	1
Great phone and a great deal from the seller fast shipping I would buy again from this seller	1
great phone A+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ seller easy transaction very professional	1
Great phone a lot of features!	1
"Great phone ,,,,, love it!!!!!"	1
"great phone ,  i bought three different kinds of phones and this is the only one that worked perfectly (:"	1
Great phone - easy to use . As described by the ebayer. I would definitely deal with this ebayer again.	1
Great phone  decent battery life only negative is its not usb c nice bright screen lte works on att sucks that Huawei is available in the USA they make nice phones	1
great phone        great seller       all round  good experience	1
"Great phablet, feather light, fast,  nice and clear IPS 6"" big screen, excellent for selfies in a dark with the LED front camera flash, great value!"	1
Great person to deal with !	1
"Great Pad-Phone solution, 5&quot; of pure technology and high speed CPU!  Buyed to test it, checking wide screeen and nice prompt to dealer touch-ask!"	1
great not change it for anything I feel very comfortable is better than many other brands. great not change it for anything I feel very comfortable is better than many other brands. the camera is perfect is like having a mini computer in hand.	1
Great no problem A+ would do again.  Awesome phone Everything that I expected and more.  I will always buy this phone.  Bewst non data phone	1
"Great new iphone, great value"	1
Great merchandise	1
"Great looking, high ratings, very pleased with phone & vendor"	1
Great look and feel. Great for gaming and multi-tasking.  High end phone at a mid range price.	1
"Great lollipop functionality, TERRIBLE fast-draining battery. "	0
"Great little phone, obviously outdated (I knew that when I decided to buy it--I just need a phone to tide me over until I switch providers, as my other had broken) but in better repair than I had expected.  Works well and holds a long charge."	1
"Great little phone, I have used this phone in the past and found it to be one of the better phones for the price, It is rugged, easy to use and will make a great little phone for a second phone or for someone that needs a phone that is easy to use."	1
Great little phone and was just what the wife wanted to carry in her purse. Long battery life and very loud and clear reception.	1
Great little iPhone that pack up with powerful hardware component.  So easy to handle with one hand.  I came back from iPhone 6 plus and briefly X for iPhone SE.  I'm a big fan!!	1
"great item, what it said online was what i got, shipping was fast, also came with a booster for a better signal"	1
"Great item, looked new. Bought it &apos;cause I wanted a backup.XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY"	1
GREAT ITEM THANK YOU	1
"Great item made my fiance very happy, (he loves the LG)This was a replacement. Very hard to find this anywhere!! Easy dialing for large hands. Recption is great"	1
Great item for the price and fast shipping .... I would definitely recomend this seller to anyone ..  Two thumbs up ...	1
Great item fast shipper. Very easy to work with would consider doing business again. Thanks for the great item..	1
"great item as described, simple phone, working fine, fast shipment. great item as described, simple phone,, working fine, fast shipment. Simple phone to just finish contract with sprint."	1
great item and very speedy delivery best replacement phone money can but packing very secure no damage	1
Great item and fast delivery !!!!	1
Great iPhoneXR! Easy to use. Bigger screen. Super photo & video resolution.	1
"Great investment, great phone, it&apos;s worth the price. It&apos;s even better than what I imagined! I&apos;ll never regret buying this phone, anyone that can buy it, then should!"	1
"Great interface, love the huge screen"	1
Great heavy duty flip phone!	1
Great for geocaching. Easy to setup and use.	1
"Great flip phone ! ! ! Fairly small in size but built tough. Just the right features and not an abundance of things to be confusing.   Negative.  The key on side of the phone should be programmable for something  beside using the ""Radio"" feature. I am not subscribing to that service. "	1
Great first smartphone.  Small enough to carry in my pocket.	1
"Great features, looks sleek. Great technology on the phone. Works great. I bought this as an upgrade from my metro pcs samsung admire. it was really different. im so happy i upgraded. even though this phone is a year old it was worth it. the phone is still a great phone to have."	1
"Great features as 4G LTE, android 5.0, lightweight. And the best: it is like a Tonka, indestructible. I isn't a beauty one, but does the work better than I had expected. "	1
"Great features and many great accessories are available. Also, virtually indestructible."	1
Great fast service!!! Had package in 2 days!! Thank you!! 	1
Great experience great item excellent nice condition like new  !!  I recommend make trades with him!!!!!!!	1
Great experience from start to finish.  Excellent communication and the phone is in better condition than expected! More than satisfied with my purchase! 	1
Great ebay-er! Super fast shipping! Phone was better than described and it worked just fine when getting activated at the Sprint store.	1
Great ebayer good description good price thank 	1
"Great device, I got one new in 2017. Bought this one, 2019 b|c it was a third of the cost as new U12 and has same features. The Squeeze function, is by far, the best addition to a smart device. I hope to see HTC continue to make amazing devices. Most if the features one smartphones, HTC had them first."	1
Great device and in great conditions thank you very much i would recommend it very much to all of my friends	1
"Great design, easy to use, will back up data if phone is lost/stolen/damaged. "	1
"great dealer very quick delivery, I like just a plain phone for calls only but this will do much more."	1
"Great deal,  the price is right, the phone work very well. This is my second ZTE 797C, it is a older model but I love it.  Thank you              Wes"	1
Great deal with seller. 	1
Great deal smooth transaction. This phone is great if you have WIFI and don&apos;t typically get great service.  It has FM radio and doubles as an MP3 player.  For the mony you can&apos;t get a better phone.	1
Great Deal not too fancy but tackles the job!	1
great deal Nice phone.It is easy to use and fits in my case like it was made for it.My old phone was wore out and just needed replacing.	1
Great deal and amazing product. Battery life is excellent. Windows Phone 8 is excellent and fits perfectly to this device. Absolutely a good investment.	1
Great Deal !!!!!	1
Great customer service. Was very helpful resolving issue with the phone. Very knowledgeable of the product he sells.  	1
great customer service. phone is great.. wish it was a little more durable then it is but all and all great pone to use. the second warranty didnt go threw in my cart but.... and the wifi and date could be better.	1
Great customer service communication was awesome. Awesome experience. 	1
Great customer service and value for money !!!	1
"Great condition. Came with 2 wrist straps, 3 batteries, 2 chargers, and a 2 cases. Great buy. Quick delivery, only 2 days. Very satisfied."	1
"Great condition, works great, fast shipment.  I did not have to wait too long and the phone looks brand new."	1
"Great condition, looks brand new, great batting life, and fast shipping. Great service "	1
"GREAT COMMUNICATOR!!.... And excellent idea to load an LG G2 with G4 software.  Even a few more features the LG G4 doesn&apos;t have, at least as far as I know.  I&apos;m yet to utilize everything this phone setup can do, but primarily went with this for the quality HD &amp; 4K video capabilities.  Blows the competition away!    When you can get practically EVERYTHING you would need or want with out the price tag of a BRAND NEW LG G4.. This is the way to go.  Noticed he offered the LG G3 with the G4 upgrade too.  That&apos;ll be worth the price of admission for the options of external storage &amp; easily replaceable battery.      My son shopped ebay too, but bought a used LG G2, before we discovered this auction.  Now my son is sorely tempted to send in his phone for the software conversion.  (Just under $50) .    No longer will we be buying the latest and greatest when we have such a great service for upgrades available.  If you&apos;ll notice, even the accessories for GREAT phones like the LG G2 are greatly  less expensive now than when they originally came out.  You&apos;re saving $$$$ all the way around, not wanting to throw in another cliche... but you can have your cake &amp; eat it too!!!!      Highly recommend this seller &amp; his products..."	1
great communication... fast shipping ill buy from you next time i need a cellphone.... excellent everything	1
Great communication. Very happy with the phone (It was as described. My daughter hasn&apos;t hardly put it down in days - she says it&apos;s the best phone she&apos;s ever had. Super fast shipping! I would highly reccomend this seller.	1
"Great communication, shipped right after payment was received. Overall good experience. Will definitely buy more from the seller. "	1
"Great communication, customer service and buy. Would recommend to anyone."	1
Great communication!!!!First person ive bought something from and if theres any problem i had the chance to talk to the head man no middle man great set up thanks	1
Great communication with the buyer. Really nice phone and features that are very user friendly.Would recommended it for anyone.	1
Great communication from seller. Phone is as described and works great. Bought another one from same seller as a spare.	0
Great cellphone for a cheap price. I recommended the Moto G 2nd generation. This model can be actualized the operating system with no additional cost. Is easy to use and the size is easy to keep in any pocket.	1
great cellph easy to use and unlocked is the best!!actually actived my phone with simple mobile and works great contracts no good	1
"Great cell phone.  A little smaller so it is easier to get in and out of my pocket.  The battery is smaller too, so it does not last as long as some, but I still get 2+ days out of a charge.  The sound is very good and folks seem to hear me just fine."	1
"Great cell phone, my father is happy"	1
"Great cell phone, fast , lot of storage capscity, other of great pre installed aps, best of the 5 cell phones I have owned over the last fifteen years"	1
great cell for the price !	1
Great buy. Will buy again when needed. Great price.	1
Great buy. Exact to description    	1
"great buy, great deal. im really pleased by this transaction. fast shipping, and phone is amazing. could not be happier. best phone made by cricket"	1
"Great buy, fast shipping, excellent phone for the money. I would shop with them again. Thank you for the great service and quick shipping"	1
Great buy great quality 	1
Great buy for the money pretty good quality and fast delivery	1
Great buy everything works ran into some problems but were resolved	1
"Great buy at a very competitive price, easy communication and satisfactory. Waiting to do more deals with you. Thanks"	1
Great battery life; enjoying trying to learn its features.  The phone was recommended by a friend.  I dislike having to wait the few seconds to unlock to get a call.  Good product.	1
"Great battery life, neat phone"	1
great battery life service features and specs good durability fast on ios 7 fast downloads apps hardly crash	1
"Great battery life and quality is great.  Smaller than the i4, couldn't ask for anything better."	1
Great bargain. Good experience. Fast shipping. Phone as described. I will certainly purchase from this store again.	1
"Great bargain and very good phone,just what I need simple to use and to mi surprice very user friendly all the functions are very intuitive  and super fast delivery"	1
"Great AT&T customer service, great seller service. All around great deal & purchase. People tell me they CAN hear me on this phone!"	1
great android phone for the money. great size and shape. good camera quality too. wife really enjoys this phone vs. her apple 3gs.	1
"Great and versatile phone. Multiple applications, that are easy access. If you&apos;re in a business that you need a portable device to access all your needs; this is the device for you. Until they come up with an updated version this is the best option on the market today."	1
"Great and understanding seller.  Ordered with the wrong card, and the seller is so nice to cancel the order."	1
Great and powerful underrated mobile device.  Loved this device when I had it no hangup what so ever	1
"Great and easy service, plus fast shipping ! "	1
Great acquisition. The phone looks new. Glad I got it. 	1
Great 360 camera with decent editing software.  	1
Great  quality !!!	1
Grate phone. Arrived on time. Would like to have phone with more sensetive screen. Also 3G will be apprichated. Will waite for the new generations	1
Grate phone for a fair price!	1
"graphics are awsome, sd card slot and less then half price of sk65... best of all its a world phone so can be used anywhere, i personally like sl65 and sk65 as well there all top line phones but for the money s65 beats them all.."	1
gran vendedor. gracias	1
"gracias por todos,sigan siendo buenos."	1
"Gps, Good Camera, and QWERTY. :)  All in One! Akku isn&apos;t too good, just two days.  Design is very beautiful but the pC connection Cabel isn&apos;t work."	1
Gotta love a phone that's back ordered like crazy for no obvious reason but for the love of the iphone lol	1
"got tied of android for a while, pick up this phone and it is better than I expected!"	1
Got this product after i had my own for 4 years only replaced the screen and charger port on my old one but mother board was so old i thought a new one would be great. But after 1 and a half months with this product the calling system started glitching and now anytime someone calls me it sounds like there several rooms away and you can hear them. if you switch to speaker phone you can hear them but when you talk it makes the same negative effect to the. i had my old note 3 for over 2 years before anything wrong happened which is why i wanted a new note 3. which they assured me it was even tho it didnt come with the original note 3 box. so i dont know if they are telling the truth or they think they actually have a new non referbrished one and just didnt know. all i know now is ill have to drop a bunch of money to get this supposedly new phone fixed after a month and a half of use.	0
"Got this phone in December...great phone, cute.. but photo quality is poor, and because it is a slide phone it sometimes closes while it is in use and hangs up/disconnects the call.  Thats the only problem i have with this phone.. I don&apos;t like the slide phones."	0
Got this phone for my wife and the camera resolution is very bad battery has to be charged at least 3 times a day no signal can't get on the Web or use Facebook messenger. I even talked with straight talk for 3 hours and tried my att sim card and 3 straight talk sim cards and had all the same results I do not recommend this phone to anyone who actually uses there phone 	0
"Got this phone for my father in law who won't switch to a smart phone.  He's a mechanic who rolls around under cars with this in his pocket every day.  He has broken many phones doing this, but not this one.  Maybe he's just lucky so far, but this phone really does seem to be heavy duty.  It has big enough buttons for his very large hands and he can really hear it even without his hearing aids.  I'm sure he'll end up breaking this one at some time or another, but will definitely get another one exactly like it.  Seller was straight up with his description and shipped very quickly.  Got here two days faster than promised.  I have nothing bad to say about this transaction whatsoever.  Highly recommend seller and phone!"	1
"Got this phone at Xmas for my son after 4 months of use the battery wont hold charge,  two of our friends have same phone and are having same problems.  Virgin will not ship batteries so you have to purchase new ones and ask for credit.  Obiously the phone is not well made.  Bought a new battery and it now won&apos;t reconize the battery did for a few minutes ad the says it needs a battery inserted.  Have sent away for warranty but virgin won&apos;t pay for the replacement battery."	0
Got this phone at bestbuy for $30 Can get ot at walmart target beatbuy for $30 rip off 	0
"Got this phone and it was suppose to be new. I set it up and the thing would not stay on, it would just shut off on its own. I took it to the Verizon store for them to set up for me and they said that it was bricked meaning that it was junk. I would charge it 100% and turn it on and it would show about 40% and drain in less than 15 to 30 minutes. I have contacted Ebay to get a refund and they will not reply back to me. "	0
Got this phone activated and it doesnt work at all. Cheap charger came apart and broke in half as soon as the package opened. The phone cant receive or make calls or texts after I paid to get it activated.	0
Got this one along with an Alcatel cell phone. Liked the Alcatel much better. Had many more pluses than the rebel for my needs. 	0
Got this for my mom Because she had one like it and it died. So Yes She loves it . Thanks Very Fast At sending . :)	1
"got this as an exact replacement for the same phone whose screen cracked.  Still a great phone, even as a 2013 model.  I love the small form factor. "	1
"Got the Razr, brand new in the Verizon box with the seal still taped in place. Popped it out of the box, put in the battery and logged on to Verizon to activate it and had it up an running 30 minutes after I got home and checked my mail for the package.  Got this to replace an older identical Razr that had finally given up working properly.  I like these old Razrs, slim and easy to pocket and great sound quality.  It was a good &quot;bridge&quot; phone because I am not intereted in a smartphone yet and it saved me having to get tied into a two year contract when I wasn&apos;t sure what I wanted for a new phone."	1
Got the product in a very timely manner. It was exactly what it was discribed to be. Would definetly buy from this seller again.	1
Got the phone with with the sd card as described phone has water damage and the sd card was corrupted within to days of having the phone the charger port quit working on me so now it cant be charged with a wall charger this phone was not was described at all verry dissatisfied 	0
Got the phone fast. Great condition.	1
got the phone and it would not turn on i tryed to get a refund but the seller made it more of a hassle than it needed to be. phone is junk 	0
"Got the phone and it DIDN'T WORK!  If it was refurbished, they must have missed the part where it didn't work.  I couldn't swipe anything on the screen.  I also didn't read the part where it doesn't come with a SIM card, charger or cable.  (my fault)  All in all. not a good experience.  In fairness, they offered to send a new one, but I was afraid of getting another one that didn't work."	0
Got the Moto Z2 Force at an absolute steal! Seller shipped it out first thing after the weekend and I got it 2 days later. Love the phone! A+++++	1
Got the item ahead of time & in excellent condition ....looks new thanks to the seller ! works great 100 % ....!  	1
"Got the item 25% less the smallest price I found in Russia.    It is just as described everywhere in the Internet.    They say it has weak battery - yes, if U use Wi-fi and|or GPS it will work for a day. Think this is no problem: U can buy 3 batteries+charger for approx. $20.    The seller did his work perfectly: I got a new item as promised, with some extra gifts enclosed."	1
"Got the International version, which I don&apos;t recommend unless you can read Russian on several apps. Not a phone I plan to keep much longer."	0
Got ripped off never got the phone or the money	0
"Got phone to use on my account, too bad seller lied and phone is already attached to someone else's account. Was hard to get set up at home before I even tried to set it up in store, where I found out is unable to be activated. Tiny keyboard. Get what you pay for. "	0
"Got phone the next day, exactly as described. very helpful when answering questions, so far very satisfied."	1
"Got one used from eBay a while back ago. Great condition everything worked great. Accidentally dropped it one day when I was walking in the garage. I didnt think much of it cause its built very rugged. But it immediately started having problems with call receptions and I have been constantly having call quality problems ever since. People reported my voice was broken up, there was constantly horrible delays in conversations, and a lot of the times I just plain couldnt hear them anymore. Nothing but silence in the ear piece. Plus the battery doesnt last if you actually use it to make frequent phone calls. All in all this is a phone that actually needs to be babied cause it does become problematic after a one foot drop to concrete."	0
"Got nice one, thanx."	1
Got my phone fast and it was in excellent condition as said to be!!!	1
Got my Bolt and it started glitching within an hour of use.  Black screen couldnt turn on.  Took to sprint and they exchanged it for a new galaxy s7  for free since its still under factory warranty. Apparently theres a hardware mishap on these phones.     Its a LEMON.	0
"Got my Blu phone because my son said it was a great phone. Now I can't do nothing on it. , not even make a call to any one. This is a bad phone. Now I have to buy a different phone. DON'T LIKE THIS PHONE."	0
Got it. Very happy .Seemed to work great and then just stopped working. only worked for one day.	0
Got it on time a couple of days earlier than the original date great phone also	1
"Got it in the mail just in time, no damage. Works great phone turns on, fast. Has some scratches on back, not very noticeable. I'm getting a case so it doesn't bother me. Would definitely recommend seller. Thank you for the awesome phone."	1
"got it for home use,wont work weak signal, away from home its great does everything its supossed to do i reallylike it"	1
"Got it brand new, fast delivery, good price, normal size comparing with iPhone 6-8 (too big as I think)"	1
Got exactly what was advertised. Good price and shipping.	1
"Got exactly what I wanted.  Replacement parts that were identical and brand new.  Very happy with items.  Would order again, if needed, without any hesitation"	1
Got exactly what I ordered in a timely manner and to the specifications called out in the ebay listing.  No complaints.	1
"Got enough horse power to run the apps I need. It's not a big gamer, but it is small and does everything I want. Check the reviews online for the second generation model."	1
"Got a great deal on this phone. I'm 55 yrs and this is only my second phone, so I'm just learning how to use these things. Anyway, Only had it for a day but love this phone. Easy to use and set up, even for me !!! So far so good."	1
got a bricked phone and wasted all the money	0
Got a boost phone and bad esn there is no way to contact them so Ill just leave a bad review 	0
Got 1st phone had issues with phone sounding muffled also would turn off at 40% battery and wouldn't come back on till you plug into charger. Sent it back for a replacement.  2nd phone will not charge at all got it to 50% battery and was steadily losing power while on charger. Returning for refund	0
Gorgeous seller !!!!!!! All advise and recommend !!!!!!!! No problem !!!!!! Success in business !!!!!!!!!!!	1
"Google's integration into this Android phone makes everything seemlessly smooth. I am very happy with this investment, and could say that this phone beats a lot of the mainstream ones many choose before looking around. With this phone, the camera definitely starts a new trend, away from the old ""must be an Android"" based on the camera quality. You won't be disappointed with this phone, for the price, it's absolutely amazing. "	1
Goog product beautiful aweson.	1
"Goods, not original, after repair, the seller defined unreliable information, traces of repair are tracked, on the self-cutting screws there are chips from the tool, groups don&apos;t adjoin densely, don&apos;t buy goods from the seller of elva201384 this is the swindler!!!!!"	0
Goods match the description. The quality is excellent.	1
good value. 128 Gig is plenty for me I am happy	1
Good value.  Phone is new!  Ill buy my next iPhone from this vendor. 	1
"Good value of money, the shipment was super fast, the phone was as described, in mint condition"	1
Good Value nice phone	1
Good value for the prive	1
Good value for price great starter phone and waterproof/shockproof.	1
"Good value for money. The phone is in great condition, with an otter box protector. It is locked to Straight Talk, or Simple. But I managed to unlock it on my own."	1
Good value and camera packs a punch	1
Good value & service.	1
good transaction with the seller. Products were delivered as described with timely shipping also.  Thanks again and I plan to do business again with this seller.	1
"Good thing I was outbid on this. I did a check on the serial number and this phone is carrier locked, because the previous owner did not pay their bill, plus it's a CDMA sim is why only 14 imei numbers, I feel for the poor sould who get stuck with this paper weight,"	0
Good texting phone. Bought mine at walmart for $79 with $30 airtime can&apos;t beat that. New in a package with warranty. Phone can be unlock online too.	1
Good telephone is great!!	1
Good starter phone for 10 and under 	1
"Good size and weight, great connectivity, useful keyboard and controls. Best for smaller hands, but that suits my girlfriend just fine. She is in love with it. Score one for me. =)"	1
Good Simple Phone but with most of the Bells and whisles	1
"good service, excellent coverage. We like it."	1
"Good service from seller, reveived quickly, packaged securely, exceeds ecpectations and more significantly, the ""refurbished""  pleased a tech- picky teenage girl. She knew we were weren't splurging on new models and hasnt found any signs of wear or problems with this refurb.... "	1
"Good service as the mobile arrived on time, and the phone was not damaged, but the manual was not of the mobile I bought."	1
Good service and fast shipping A+++	1
Good Selmer and fast shipping	1
Good seller. Will buy from him again.xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx	1
"Good seller, very fast to send the product excelent.  "	1
"good seller, the goods are transferred on time"	1
"Good seller, thank you!"	1
"Good seller, quick delivery."	1
"Good seller, product delivered as promised before the expected date. "	1
"Good seller, instant communication and ship"	1
"Good seller, highly recommended.1111111111111111111111111111111111111111110000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000.............................................................................................."	1
"Good seller, fast shipping. All ok, except it was not iphone 6s for parts, but iphone 6 )"	1
"Good seller,  the 7 plus is as described ."	1
Good seller! Love the manner it was packaged and delivered in a timely manner and faster than expected. Good business!!	1
Good seller would buy from again. 	1
Good seller with good deals. The phone is a pleasure to use and i highly recommend it and buying from this seller	1
"good seller good item fast good and good atendance, I will buy to him many times, good and excellent service... I recomend this seller"	1
good seller fast shipping	1
"good seller fast delivery, without delay, the phone is also good for 5-6 parite.az I bought the phone and they all work flawlessly"	1
"Good seller and nice product, the only problem with S7 edge is the battery drain so fast . "	1
GoOd seller and good item. 	1
Good Seller ! Very good telephone !	1
"Good sell, fast shipping, great communication. I purchased a Red Samsung A737 and I received exactly what the seller said it was - condition and all."	1
Good replacement for my 2G SIM card flip phone	1
Good quality thank you for your business 	1
good quality product android works well! nice to have the expansion slot too. camera is the only thing not as good as the newest phones.	1
Good quality phone and charger. 	1
Good quality phone	1
good quaility of a phone for my young son. Similar to his old one that was damaged by water. Not as many features as what I thought it had originally but it works great and it is in good shape.	1
Good product...would buy again... fast shipment BUT  I would recommend better packaging in the future.... An envelope and two layers of bubble wrap hardly qualify as safe...I am very surprised it made it without breaking            	1
good product....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................	1
Good product. Was just as described. Very nice color 	1
"Good product. taxes charged me, but Noway, next time I&apos;ll take that into account.  Until now it works well ...   Thanks ... Greetings from México  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------"	1
"Good product. I really like the camera. The pictures are good quality because of the 4-inch contour display. In terms of its physical appearance, the mobile phone look modern."	1
"GOOD PRODUCT, work well, unlocked, brand new.                                                                  Good quality"	1
"Good product, just as specified."	1
"Good product, great price and fast shipping. "	1
"Good product, good price"	1
"good product, excellent condition and as described in the announcement, very satisfied with the purchase. "	1
"Good product, but battery life isn""t long."	1
Good Product in excellent condition	0
"Good product i got. i was aware about the fetures of the phone , so was worried about the condition and body condition of the product. I got a good product and good condition"	1
Good product for the value. 	1
"Good product for the price and fast shipping. The phone is simple and easy to use. I used overseas and it worked just fine, and I am able to use it here in the US"	1
Good product for a great price.	1
Good product as description !!! Good condition without any scratch or wear damage!! The phone have excellent quality id not the best for its for someone who want to have something different 	1
Good product and would buy again 	1
Good Product And very cheap	1
good product and good service.am pleased with seller and would buy from them again. Have enjoyed  the phone and was happy to find it at a good price.	1
"Good product , teriible shipping , waited 10 days  "	0
"Good product , good price"	1
"Good privacy for the money spent. It is very good specs and privacy for money spent. Do not buy this kind of phone if your main goal is gaming! This is for privacy and security. If you want a phone, that is secure and private, this is the phone for you. You CAN either follow guide lines, and get 100% privacy, or ""sideload"" what you want, and get as much security as you can trust apps to be."	1
Good prices on cell phones. The one thing that didn&apos;t come with the cell phone case. I like that this cell phone has loud ring tones and I am able to hear it real good in the loud surrounding I work in. The other thing that I didn&apos;t like is that I emailed the person that I bought the cell phone and I did not get a response on what was going on with the shipping. But before I knew it I got the cell phone in the mail. Need to answer any questions the buyer has in a reasonable time frame.	1
"Good price,fast shipping.                                                                                                                                   I love it!!!!                                                                                                                                            Everything just perfect:)                                                                                                                                I&apos;m using it in Russian and works without any problems!!!!!!!!!!!!                                                                         Thanx!!!!"	1
"Good price, only gripe was I wish I could have requested a better/faster shipping method. Came exactly as described and has been exactly what I needed and wanted."	1
"Good price, great shipping, great phone condition."	1
Good price Works very nice	1
Good price will work very well for what i want it for.	1
Good price on Iphone 8 saved over two hundred dollars over store price	1
Good price no problem activating	1
"Good price for the phone ,good communication "	1
good price  awesome product!  muy buen producto  exelente desempeno funciona tal como lo describio el vendedor  con un muy buen precio.  me gusto mucho	1
"Good phone.The only issue is that the ringer is too low and can not be adjusted.  The phone is fluid ,could use a faster processor and if and when T Mobile Launch the LTE .Although it has it built in I am not sure how it will handle it"	1
Good phone.. memory cards keeps disconnecting.. other than that it&apos;s a good phone! I really do love this phone	1
good phone. seems even better than the actual new phone I had bought from the actual t-mobile  store at the mall. good phone good battery life	1
Good phone. I give it an A+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++=++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++	1
"good phone. excellent wifi capabilities. Call quality is outstanding. A very good phone. the camera takes great stills and video. The touch screen is much better than the original storm. The phone has a good,even weight in your hand. it is neither too heavy nor too light."	1
"Good phone. Delivered quickly and as described. I had some WiFi issues with it later down the road, but I think that&apos;s just because I&apos;ve been doing a lot of hacking / customizing."	1
"Good phone, the programs are a little more complicates then other operated system. Good looking, good price"	1
"Good phone, great camera! Just wished there was more apps for windows.  Overall it&apos;s a nice unique phone with a very personal feeling."	1
"Good phone, good camera, I recommend it, came back the only thing I complain is with the vendor that offered an 8g memory and came with the phone.  but it was fast and secure delivery.  I recommend the phone and the seller .."	1
"Good phone, fast and reliable. Put a case on it so the glass is safe!"	1
"Good phone, came as described.  Battery life is limited, but phone is good.  Just gotta keep a charger nearby."	1
"good phone, but cannot activate seller lied straight talk will not activate phone."	0
"good phone, bought it for work because reasonable price and a decent feature set, compact, handsome with a convenient menu. I have a third phone with the first model I bought in 2006, I like his design"	1
good phone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	0
Good phone!  For the price this is a great deal  It has plenty of goodies.	1
Good phone that works as it should work. The price was very reasonable and compared to the iphone much cheaper and much better. The delivery was very fast and in perfect condition. Thanks	1
Good phone that gets good reception in our area. Wife uses it for pictures and voice-very few text (don&apos;t have it on phone plan). Should last her a couple of years even though the phone is discontinued.    Refresh review-phone broke about 2 months after receiving. got mad and went to US Cellular and got a NEW phone with a warrenty.	1
Good phone good sellar 	1
Good phone good deal	1
Good phone from a good seller 	1
Good phone for the budget user.  No real physical buttons on the phone which I am not used to and do not like.  Otherwise a good phone and great for the value	1
Good phone for price vice 	1
good phone for me to use and it&apos;s such a pretty color. I can connect to the internet any where due to the wifi features	1
Good phone for an 11 year old.	1
Good phone for a kid first phone.I like that it good for small hands.Good phone for the price.thank you so much my grandson love his new phone.	1
Good Phone for a great price & fast shipping. The only thing was that the device pictured and listing description was a for a gold iPhone but item was actually rose gold. Still a good Phone 	1
good phone everything worked yea me. i bought 4 items from ebay the phone is the only one that something was not wrong with it. they were minor but needed to be diclosed.	1
good phone but heavily overpriced at gearbest it is  120 euro good  luck with this price	0
good phone better than my last has all functions on and working better     this phone came very quickly and all information is correct	1
Good phone and easy to fix	1
"good phone , great customer service. worked greeat i thimk is one of the best phones oive ever purchased aere willign to work with peoeple will definetly buy from this buyer in the future. came in brand new and with a new battery that worked perfect used this phone as a back up and ha dno problems"	1
Good phone  Seller Highly recommended. 	1
good overall phone has many features at an affordable price	1
good night to inform you that I&apos;m not fatisfecha for the product that I came because I found a number of recorded contacts and incoming text message and locked. and know the reason for this situation since my purchase was a new and unlocked phone   also inform you that I stay with the product and how buscare how to use it .. thanks ..	0
"Good Morning, Through this I apologize for not being able to realize the operation, is that I have the dollars allocated by the availability CADIVI and I have on my credit card but I refused to try to pay it. I have contacted the bank and tell me not to so they do not have blocked me and I have been mailed to the operator of the currency without receiving any response, there already is escapes my hands. We apologize for any inconvenience caused and hope you will not have problem with my ebay account for this inconvenience."	0
Good mid level smart phone running ice cream sandwich we now own three of them the kids love them we would recommend these phones if you want a phone that can do most here it is........................	1
"Good man, best seller,  ++++"	1
Good looking phone with good battery life. Biggest issue is phone doesn't ring so calls go straight to voicemail intermittently with phone still turned on. I got fed up with the issue cos I kept missing important calls so I had to get a new one. I have no use for it now. 	0
"Good looking but too fragile like an egg. Screen develops black and purple spot with time and grow bigger to cover screen. I didnt drop it just form by itself. If you wanna know more about this phone, go to amazon and read the reviews.  About 75% people complain the same issue. I wasted $250 for just 1 month."	0
"good little phone.. easy to use with one hand ..all functions easy to use .. though the memory on this isnt that great ..its perfect for just texting.. id say the 7373 is better if you want to store more on  the phone as it has a bigger memory and you can use a memory card up to 2gb in it  nice looking phone, easy to use , flips open and shut so you cant accidentaly dial only while in your pocket etc .. good camera, easy to learn how to use everything on it..only draw back ive found is on the 7373 you have to take the battery out to get to the memory card  but the 7370 doesnt come with a memory card slot so it doesnt have this problem  i would recommend this phone to all.. way better to text on than a touch screen.. (i have both , always use this rather than the iphone for texting quicker and less hassle)"	1
good items good seller      .fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff	1
"Good item, seller respond quickly when I had a question.  Only thing, it looks like the red may show a little on the wet indicator, which doesn&apos;t bother me but also wasn&apos;t in the description and it wasn&apos;t here by the date it said it would be.  Otherwise, phone is great."	1
"Good iPhone, love the camera "	1
Good IPhone for parts	1
Good for the price.	1
Good for that price 	1
Good for a good price	1
"Good for 6-8 months. Microphone is weak and poorly placed. Screen went blank @ approx. 8 months. Basically, a waste of money."	0
"good fast ontime, but price not cheap eounght.. but anyway is a good phone, and the seller ship it on time, is great seller"	1
Good evening were received device type Nokia 6310i works well thank you	1
"Good description for a damaged product, good communication with the seller. Replaced the bad part and i have a working product."	1
Good delivery excellent service	1
Good deal. Nice phone.	1
"Good deal, works fine."	1
Good deal fast shipping 	1
"good days, wants to know where my package item # 250541670402 BlackBerry 7280 AT &amp; T Cingular UNLOCKED! FAST SHIPPING! which deberllegar to the following address Gharorlt Correa  Av La Trinidad El Hatillo Conj. Res The Boyera Torre A Piso 2  Apt 23 The Boyer the Cigarral  Caracas, Miranda  1083  Venezuela    03/12/2009 17:58:59 PT  Transaction ID: 7KJ16813SP8063719"	0
"Good day, I am extremely worried, since a product that I bought from you less than 5 months ago exactly on May 26th is already damaged, I have checked with the LG brand and they inform me that it is a factory damage. The unit reboots and heats up and goes off. Please can inform me as I proceed before sending the unit to legal to request that I give answer of this purchase that I left really bad of manufactures. I thank you to communicate by this way or by email (Email)   "	1
"Good day friends sorry I had to report my experience with the seler of this smart phone. In every ways he has cheated me in all ways, after paying him the agreed price including the postage I had to again here in Vienna The post said he has not pay for the postage over there there in the Us, but that was not what we both agreed, and again there was not Battery inside the phone, infact I have not even use the smart phone up till now.. Thanks."	0
Good condition as described. But is locked phone work witj T mobil only and 	0
"Good communication!! Fast shipping!! I needed to find a new phone, and this phone was at a reasonable price with free shipping!!"	1
Good communication! 	1
"Good cell for a litle bucks, all functions like other highest, big screen size, cell small size, apps, android updateable, wifi, bt, memory slot (not included), low resolution screen, but for price and general 9* of 10*. Good choice under 100 dollars."	1
"Good camera, Love the slow motion option on the video.  picks up wireless networks well.  Haven&apos;t dropped any phone calls yet.  pretty good battery life.    cons:  wish there were options for expanding internal memory.  Having to deal itunes program.  cannot copy files directly from the computer.  Ios 8 is glitchy."	1
Good camera quality. 	1
Good camera Fast processor. Big screen . Perfect fit in hand.	1
Good best buyer 	1
"Good battery (i generally go to work with about 70% charge and still have 20% or so at the end of the day, with moderate use) but even better is the super fast charge. If it plug it in while I take a shower in the morning, it'll charge by 30% or more in just 10 or 15 minutes. And I really like the USB-C, never have to peer down the end of a charging cable trying to work out which way is up again, just plug it in! Fingerprint scanner can be a touch slow at times, but it's pretty good, especially if you've not used one before. Shame it only registers 3 fingers though, but I can make do! It's a dash slippery, so if you're good at dropping your phone, this will fulfill your dropping tendencies!  I got the light blue colour, it's a bit average I reckon, wish I'd gone with something else. Colour is too pale to be anything really.  I've got big hands, but I don't really understand how these are ""just small enough to use one handed"". That's a load of pants! You can do some things one handed, but I wouldn't call it a one hand phone."	1
Good and very tough  rugged phone for every day use 	1
Good and include every accessories.	1
"good and fast with great communication, so far so good."	1
Good and cheap . 	1
good afternoon. Lords chubbiestech. I want to inform you that the cell phone you send me is not useful The touchpad does not work well So I want to know what to do If you do not send me another cell phon then send me a touch scrin	0
good afternoon  They ask me for two data to unlock the iphone 6s plus that you buy appears BLOCKED in the operator SPRINT:  1) cell phone number with which the iphone was acquired  2) the name of the person who has the service registered in SPRINT iphone  Please can you send me the required information and be able to rate the purchase	0
GOOD !!!! fast Delivery Condition is exactly right descrbied on site.  nice price  phone is also good working and nice	1
"Good - the dot com  button Bad   - easy shatter glass, battery life"	0
good  gggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg	1
"Going from the iPhone 6s Plus this is a true pleasure. The screen, the camera, the battery and features make it a huge upgrade. 4 years is a long time to upgrade but it makes it more meaningful. "	1
Going from an iphone 4 to a 5S was a dramatic improvement!  With the iphone 5s all apps continued to function.  All processing done my the iphone is much faster!  Battery is longer lasting and the camera is 100% better than my previous iphone 4.  Definitely recommend this phone as it is a good value!	1
Go shipping but it was broke when I took it out of the package. 	0
Go by the store and see for yourself.	0
Given notice USPS lost the order. Never received phone. Cancelled order.	0
Girlfriend loved this	1
"Gets very hot, battery doesn't last more than two hours fully charged. Always had samsung phones, never had issues. Not impressed."	0
"Get the highest level of water resistance possible in a smartphone that scoffs in the face of a few splashes. Accidentally leave your phone outside and now it&apos;s pouring? No worries. Dropped it in gritty wet sand while carrying too many things at the beach? That&apos;s nothing. When you&apos;ve got a rough-and-ready smartphone that&apos;s certified dust protected4, simply pick it up, shake it off, and forgo the freak out."	1
"Get one for FREE!!! Have a look at this video first:     http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFKYVE__Mug     Just take 2 minutes and read this. This is very EASY to do! It literally takes 10 minutes to setup. Simply follow the steps below. I promise you, this is 100% real. Here is what you do. Click on the link below, register, pick an account type (referral is the easiest) and complete just 1 offer (Very important that you complete the 1 offer otherwise your account will sit in limbo until you do). The best offer to do is STAMPS.com. Its free, all you need to do is register and follow the instructions. And youre on your way to your free prize for just completing this offer!     There are plenty of cool offers to choose from such as Blockbuster online, Stamp.com, Netflix, Gamefly which are services you would regularly sign up for anyways and their all secure networks, why not use them to get a free PS3, flat screen TV, ipod or cash (I did the Stamps.com for a 4 week free trial and it is free! I dont have to do anything with it). Look at the offers and choose the one that works for you. After signing up and completing your one offer, simply refer 5-14 people or friends (depending on the FREE prize you choose) to do the same under your link (just post the same thing as I have on eBay or any other message board, and you&apos;ll get your referrals before the auction even ends.)     Then they will ship your selected item for free. No Joke, 100% REAL!!! The reason these companies make money, is because most people don&apos;t bother getting all the referrals. All you have to do is post it on EBAY! They use us as advertisement by word of mouth which saves them tons of money which goes toward yours and my free gift. These are legit companies such as Blockbuster, Netflix, Gamefly etc... You can copy my listing if you want. You must use your own authentic link though. You will get your own personal link after your orders placed.         Step 1: http://www.YourFreeFlatscreen.com/index.php?ref=4683026     Step 2: Sign up and chose an account type (Referral is the easiest and best).     Step 3: Complete just 1 offer (like Blockbuster or Stamps.com) and refer up to 13 people to do the same (use eBay! Do what I did, copy my ad).     Step 4: Receive your FLAT SCREEN TV, IPOD, PS3, or CASH for FREE!!!!!!!!!! (Even The Shipping Is Free!!!)       For proof that this is for real, click on the link below. It&apos;s the company that is behind everything.     http://www.trainn.org/reviews.php     Please take advantage of this offer!!!     Please Check It out NOW, I did!     Check my feedback, this is for real - I chose the cash and i JUST got it yesterday!!!Now I&apos;m going for a Flat screen TV! You can get free stuff too!     http://www.YourFreeFlatscreen.com/index.php?ref=4683026"	1
Get little phone	1
"Get 120 free minutes with your New tracfone activation.  Special invite only.  Send email to totalizeme@yahoo.com with &quot;free Minutes&quot; in the subject line.  Good for 30 days, so if your planning to buy, don&apos;t miss out!!!  Retro-active for up to two weeks too!"	0
Gerät ensprach genau meinen Vorstellungen. Besonders wollte ich Blue tooth und mp3-Fähigheit! Einfache Bedienung! Sehr leicht und praktisch zum Einstecken! Leider entpricht die Akkuleistung nicht den technischen Angaben. Aber sonst ein tolles Gerät!	1
"Gave up a Pixel 2 and glad I did. Great performance, including battery life, speed, and no bloatware. Oxygen interface is clean and minimal. Highly recommend this phone."	1
Gato aprende a vender lo verdadero me lo vendio por que el desbloqueo es mas caro que el aparato que ni en buena condiciones esta 	0
GASTOS DE ADUANA DE 200ÿ!!!!! 	0
"Garbich, after 4 weeks"	0
garbage The worst experience Ive ever had no reception and the phone is terrible. Nothing here to see a i good phone. The only good thing I can say is its pretty durable	0
Garbage quality charger and the box was open 	0
Garbage products  seller things he is so smart all garbage	0
Galaxy S9: Works perfectly. Speedy delivery. Looks and works like new. Condition perfect.!!!	1
Galaxy note 5 is good but i recived it with damaged s-pen. So i can't trust  to buy again from ebay. 	0
G3 is a solid phone	1
"Functions very well, exactly what I wanted and needed. Features are great and I love how I can transition from phone to tablet to computer-makes my job so much easier. I use this phone for personal and work use.  Great value for a quality phone."	1
"Functions decent for price, would be much better if the RAM would be higher, but overall a good buy."	1
Functions adequately for basic phone and internet operations as a work phone. Not mil-spec so put a good case on it  and Handle With Care and it will serve well. Amazing how a $100 phone can stack up against my Google pixel XL running the same apps! Does very well. Be realistic in your expectations and anyone should be happy with this phone.	1
"Functionally speaking, these phones are great; the battery is removable, the controls are in a good place, and the 8MP front camera is fantastic. HOWEVER they have problems with overheating, and when a phone overheats, it enters a boot loop, and you will not be able to recover your data. If you buy one, back everything up often. Are you feeling lucky? I was...  "	0
Funciona perfectamente  Estética de 9  Envió en tiempo voy a comprar otros 2 para mis hijos  recomendable 100% 	1
"Funciona excelente, a mi esposa le encantó. "	1
"Full phone capabilities without the extra garbage and blot ware, love Nexus"	1
"Fue un fraude, nunca existió el producto y terminaron reembolsandome mi dinero"	0
Fuck you then horrible bidder no one should bid  Cccccccccccccggggg   	0
Fuck u sorry son of a BITCH!!!!	0
Fuck this shit . Two mounth of waiting	0
"Froze within the first year of ownership, it all of a sudden decided on its own to up date all of my apps at one time and would never finish, screen just has a spinning wheel that never stops, went back to my old phone about a month ago so yesterday I decided to turn this LG Stylo 2 back on to see what it was doing......Still trying to update the apps, not a good phone, stay away!!"	0
Froze day one when registering my  information.	0
Front camera doesn't work properly and they did say that I have to use the speaker to talk on the phone mouth mic doesn't even work... 	0
"From the minute after I placed my order for this Samsung Galaxy S7 active I was thrilled! It was after midnight when I placed my order but I had an urgent question, within five minutes of sending a question to the merchant I had gotten my answer. I was wanting to know if I could get it delivered faster then the expected time of arrival.  The merchant was more than willing to overnight the phone to me.   The description of the phone I purchased said 8 - 9 out of 10, but it was far above a 10 or better... I was tickled, the phone looks just as it came off the assembly line. I am very rough on my phones from dropping them to getting them wet, in fact I had about given up on having a cell phone because I'm so hard on them.  Then I found out about the Samsung Galaxy S7 active and the fact that it's made especially for clumsy people like me, lol.  This phone is military grade which makes it very tough, a lot tougher than any phone that I've ever owned and I've had a lot of them.  The phone is fingerprint and smudge-proof resistant which is a big plus to me. This Android phone is a 6.0 marshmallow, but unlike my other marshmallow 6.0 I'd had in the past, this one includes more features including a split screen app.  It also has pre-installed Samsung apps. This phone works great outdoors"	1
"Friend had, and has complained about it telling him he had reached maximum time f calls but he still could text, and had full mins? whats the prob w tht? he got a different one anyway."	0
"Friend had, and has complained about it telling him he had reached maximum time f calls but he still could text, and had full mins? whats the prob w tht? he got a different one anyway"	0
"freezes up alot , dont hold a charge for more than an hour , have to restart it several times because it would just turn off at random ,wish i had gotten something better , not a good brand for phones "	0
Freezes up all the time and can not use data services unless I have a WiFi network	0
"freeze's all time, poor processing, reboot when over temperature. Too bad phone. Bluetooth allways reset."	0
"Free Very fast delivery, i love you and i love my OnePlus 6, Thank you"	1
"Free shipping and the package was delivered immediatly!!  As the shipping was to America, the corresponding plug was added at not additional cost.  Product on its original package, brand new, no opened.  I recommend this seller."	1
Fraud order ask the person who hacked my account if they like it!	0
"Fraud Customer-Never Responded to over 10 e-mails, Sent Phone with out THE BACK of the phone &amp; battery missing    This customer sent to seperate address for me to send out payment.     I guess he wanted me to send money orders out TWICE    The only time the customer responded was soon as the AUCTION ended he sent me an address to send payment via my e-mail address.    The following day he sent me a message via E-Bay e-mail asking for payment to a different addrss."	0
Fraud alert.  Seller does not respond and does not provide tracking number.  	0
"Found excellent price on the phone I wanted. Arrived next day. Rated a 10 of 10 it was a 10, near perfect  Bought a memory card, brought to Verizon, up and running in less than one hour. Supremely happy with price, product, time to arrival and quality. Samsung S5 Galaxy is a superb choice."	1
found a brand new 1 in the box $245	0
"forward with his good srvice, i am nice and happy with my product,good seller, excellent service y excellent delivery"	1
Form and function are awesome.  sd card can be integrated and seen as system memory instantly.	1
"Forgot how old this model was, but it is a decent spare."	0
"forget about it and not bother him  1   some phones described as working do not power on  2   three batteries of the ten do not accept a charge  3   he sent european power cords, then promised american ones, and then sent ten adaptors!!  repetitive theme = not delivering on promises as if he expects to get away with it    i am undecided about neutral or negative feedback  neutral because some phone work so far?  or negative because of the clear malignant intent?  any advice?  eli  ps   i two days ago requested replacement of the two phones and then two, but now three, batteries don't charge         for the firs time, i have not heard back from him"	0
"For what i want this phone for it&apos;s excellent,,,,i just wanted a simple phone i didn&apos;t need one or did i want one of the real fancy ones...it&apos;s great for me and nice and small......can&apos;t find to many cases for it i only have one and would like about 6 more ....thanks any suggestion on where where i can find them...i brought one on the internet already..none of the places in the mall have anything to fit this phone?????thanks again,,,,,,,"	1
"For the very first time I found a phone manufactured at the real HTC plant, true serial number and good battery."	1
For the record... Visited Verizon and they would NOT put this phone on their network.	0
"For the price, it is a good way to start into the Android world.  With a cheap carrier like MintSIM ($260/yr for 5 gb of 4 G service each month for a year on T-Mobile service, including the SIM card of your choice)."	1
For the price u can't beat this phone I only had it for a short time but seem fine so far if there is anything else I would repost condition thanks seller!	1
For the price this phone is great. Stock android is soooo nice. Front facing speakers. Love it.	1
for the price this has what I desire only . Phones today have way to much capabilities that most people never use or forget how to use.	1
For the price i highly recommend-9-40-ar15 simcard which are 4g LTE and a standalone SD card and a solid camera good battery- Blu accessories are first2none!!!	1
"For the price , it was a great bargain . My daughter loves it. Thanks."	1
For the price  It's better than expected 	0
"For the money, couldn't ask for better!"	1
For the condition if the phone its what&apos;s it&apos;s worth. But if it was better condition it would be a great phone	0
"for the age now of this phone, its still a top line model in my opinion, does everything pretty much you&apos;d want. internet, im, music, video and more.   i really cant say anything bad about it EXCEPT it doesnt have but a few ringtones, so you get to buy and download any favorites you want.   And as with most phones, you dont want to drop these. sound will suffer first on this one.  nice lines and sleek overall, one of my favorite phones."	1
For starters the speaker phone is barely audible from 2 feet away. I have actually had times inside my house with no background noise that I had to hold the phone up to my ear so I could hear it. Past 2 feet forget about it. With my old LG phone I could lay it on the passenger seat and have a conversation. Not happening with this POS phone.  I also use my old LG for a alarm clock since this junk thinks the average person will wake up to music at a low volume. There is no regular alarm clock sound setting just music.  For photos I use the same old LG and transfer the pics to my PC via USB cable. This phone takes terrible photos.  If someone gives you this phone for free refuse it as it isn't worth the $15 to activate it for use.  	0
"For starters it says the phone has never been opened and the box was open than it says the phone is unlocked and its NOT!!!! When I recieved the phone I put my sim card in it and it said &quot;service failure&quot;, so I had to take it to a phone repair shop and had to pay to get it unlocked AND had to get the software repaired because it was corrupted. At the phone repair shop I was ALSO told that the phone had been REFURBISHED and it clearly says the phone is NOT REFURBISHED!!!!! After going threw all that trouble to actually get the phone to work I was having problems getting service in doors in order to use it i had to be out doors, I thought it was my sim card so I got a new one and that still wasn&apos;t the problem. I spent all this money on this phone for it to stop working after 3 weeks I am COMPLETELY disappointed and VERY upset this was completely misleading!!!!!!!!!!!!!"	0
"For someone with no need for a smart phone, the Samsung Renown has proven reliable and versatile for 8 years."	1
For some reason it charges my phones really slow 	0
"for people that work on very dirty and wet enviroment, nice and reliable phone I&apos;m a mechanic and some time in my job require a real hard phone, this one is very tought ,friendly use and good camera too."	1
"For its price, this phone has exceeded all my expectations since I bought it. Its durable, reliable, takes great photos and is fast, fast, fast, fast, fast!  No bloatware weighing down my performance, the OS is sleek easy to use. One of my favorite parts about it is the ""peek"" function, where you can discreetly ""peek"" at incoming messages and notifications without unlocking or awkwardly pushing any buttons. This is great if you have your phone out of your pocket and you don't want anyone to see your business who is walking by. Speaking of security, the encryption function is great.  Encrypt your whole phone. BOOM. Great.  Bottom line: Great phone, economic price."	1
"For a used or refurbished phone, it came in like new external condition. I feel like the battery may have some life worn into it, but I'm not sure how long a new battery in this phone should last.  For my purposes though, it lasted all day on a charge except for two occasions on work trips when I was using it throughout the day and navigating with it after work.  All in all, i love the Windows Phone 10 platform and I feel its a real shame that Microsoft is not coming out with any new devices.  "	1
For a simple phone it has a nice blend of creature comforts of new and old technology to make it so easy to use.	1
"For a phone the size I like, it meets all the features that I need and more. Also liked getting the extra Tracfone minutes, texts, and data."	1
"For a dummy phone, everything is perfect!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"	1
For a cheap flip phone it's pretty dang good.	1
For 100 more dollars I could by a iPhone 7	0
Folks were easy to work with and very communicative. Product was new in the box just as described. Thank you!	1
"Flimsy phone.  Flip broke after a few weeks of use.  Not heavy use, just in and out of your pocket as you should expect from a Flip Phone.  Cute little phone to begin with, but poor construction.  Don't waste your money - buy a Samsung or Nokia Flip."	0
flawless phone - bad esn but i knew that. phone works perfect as a tablet. very smooth and responsive. I even use it as a GPS out hiking	1
"Flaky - SIM card holder is badly designed, causing phone to reboot constantly - read the reviews on the internet - tons of people have rebooting issues.  Manufacturer knows about it, but won't honor their warranty, even when the phone is discovered to be bad within hours of receiving it."	0
Five stars++++aaa+++	1
Five stars won't mark on survey but is well deserved.	0
"Firstly, I have dealt with this seller couple times before. Phones were fine and this time i decided to buy nexus5. This phone started turning on and off itself, looks like hardware problem. If you buy products from this seller, they tell you not to leave negative feed back or open the case sayibg they will help. It has been a week never got email response and they never pucked up phone calls. (Actually got an email asking which product that I wanted to return and i replied right away. Since then no answer). I make living by lots of phone calls and I even said that I want this process to be fast. I have been calling since the morning, but no answer what so ever.  This phone stays turned on for awhile and shuts off itself. I am extremely paranoid as right noe the phone is workibg but at the right time, when i need it would not turn on again. Im tired trying to reach them so i am leaving such harsh review about theur customer service. The positive attention they made by last couple businesses, that is gone by just one simple ignorant customer care. I would stil, recommend to purchase the phones but not this phone since they are defected. Also never gonna try to reach custoner service since they never do their jobs. Plz be considerate"	0
"First, I chose this particular phone for it's smaller size .... frankly IO just don't need a Flat screen TV to carry around.   Like any new phone there has been a learning curve .... really, who reads a manual or watches a video on features.  You want it to work right away 'cause your old phone is dead and you need to get going.  This was as easy a transfer as I've experienced to date.  Added both phones to the same local internet address and bingo, the Pixel guided the transfer of all my critical data and apps  from my old phone to it in about 5-10 min.  Yes there were some issues with password setup and default apps but that was relatively easy to resolve as well.  Screen navigation was the biggest bugaboo for me moving from my old Samsung S5, but quickly discovered their commonality in function and I continue to learn as I go.   Pretty sweet and quick.  So far I have found I am missing nothing or have had to forfeit any apps.  The notification sounds are OK but you can alternates on Google play.  There was only one that I couldn't readily and that was Angel Feathers, Samsung's supreme wake-up tune that even they eliminated after the s6.  Found it on Youtube and downloaded it using vidtomp3.  Now all is good in my world."	1
First time I had a seller reach out to me promptly. Not only that he continued to keep me updated on shipping and even offered to place the outer box. It was a gift for my father. He was so surprised when it arrived. 	1
"First time I ever saw this phone was in cell phone shop I did like the way it look, slide and the 2Mpixel camera that the phone has.    First few days I did like it after one week of using it the power ON and Off stop working, I thought the phone has one year warranty from Nokia and that is what the guy in the shop told me I did contact Nokia and what they told me is this: NokiaUSA does NOT carry this phone it&apos;s overseas phone from different country and we can take it you will need to send it back where you bought it from originally,  I went back to the store and the manager offer me to fix it and I had no other choice soo he took it and it took more than two weeks to get it back it was working fine , Three days later start missing up again when I slide the phone the screen show up side down I took it back there fixed it again and this time it took over one month got it start using it same thing over and over took it back to the store and the manager decide to give me a new one in the box I did open the box got the phone out change the SIM card try to power up the phone did not work the phone had the same problem too   lol    advise, in case that you still want to buy this phone Nokia 6270 make sure that the seller offer some kind of warranty do not depend in Nokia that would not help."	0
"First they send me a defective phone I send it back and I ask for my refund they said they can't ""they send a new one "" never received it do I said can I now have my money back they said no  ""they said if I didn't receive it Is my Problem "" DISGUSTING!!!! ..... DONT SPEND YOU MONEY HERE ,the screens aren't original from what I notice and the customer serves is totally bad , and they ignore all your msg when you have a problem with the phone ... I bought two phone from here but it's not worth it ,   Please give me my money back I don't want defective phone even if you send another one ..."	0
"First task I set the fingerprint scanner to, using my left index finger, was to activate the dialpad! No more fumbling around to make a call or take/add someone's phone number!!  I bought the 'Sunset Gold' 16Gb version. Its fast & reliable enough that I'm still liking this phone after 3+ weeks. Still learning all its features & tricks.   Fast & snappy once I changed the Power Saving mode to 'normal'. Programmed different fingerprints for various apps. Set different colour screen and led light flashing notifications for different message types / email boxes.   Currently using my 64GB micro SD card without any issues.  Battery easily lasts throughout my day with WiFi always on, chromecasting, phone  & WhatsApp calls and Google searching. Usually down to 40% at nights before recharging!  Note - had to cut my 2 Standard sized SIM Cards down to nano and nano sizes Only regret - I didn't know about the 32GB version before buying this 16GB version!"	1
First smart phone.  Very impressed.  Easy to work with.  Great apps.  Its a shame that the phone doesn&apos;t have more storage space.	1
"first phone, I liked (lgku990) this phone wont turn on.  very unhappy with purchase. go for I phone."	0
"first phone, I liked (lgku990) this phone wont turn on.  very unhappy with purchase. go for I phone."	0
"first order of sony ericsson k850i, it wasn&apos;t working after a day so i send it back and payed for the shipping! 2nd cell came, after i test it the led light or flash bulb blew up, so i send it back again! they are selling junk!"	0
"first one worked a week, bought another, worked till 2 days later. took to verizon, new simcard, worked 2 days, quit again. data/text fine, but cell network cuts in/out constantly, till gone completely. system reset, it cuts in/out a few times, dies again. quiet speaker/lousy mic- speakerphone useless. bought a kyocera. there was a reason casio quit making phones. my old c711 was great, but no memory- but these c811s? are buggy as hell."	0
First off the battery lif is terrible. Second of all the hole where u plug up the charger is the same hole where u plug up the headset so u cant talk on the phone and have it charging at the same time. If the charger pluggged up the phone thinks its a headset so u cant use it. the same thing with the blue tooh. ohU cant use any kind of ring tones for the text messagesing alo  u can do on this phone is tell it to vibrate when u get a text. phone i sjuts all the way dumb	0
"First off it indicated that it's a sprint phone, it's not. Second the seller told me it's iCloud unlocked. It's locked. "	0
First off I was told that that phone was unlocked for tmobile which was a lie. I had to go unlock the phone myself and spend more money $$$$ shipping took over a month which I though was ridiculous. The phones paint is already chipping and it&apos;s not even a Nokia brand but some Chinese knock off! False information and definitely would not ever buy from this seller again!	0
"First off good seller!, Bad phone. one of the worst phone's I have ever owned. Poor quality and performance. It crashes randomly, does not run apps well and is slow. A product best avoided!"	0
"First of all. it did not work in our area because it&apos;s not dual band.  Then, the on &amp; off button on top was VERY hard to push.  It seems to be a very outdated phone.  I couldn&apos;t use it at all."	0
"First of all, it tools more than 2 months to get my phone.    Second I received an used phone which is not brand new as he said.    And then it was not an original phone.    Really didn&apos;t expect this things after 2 months waiting..."	0
"First of all, I would not call this a smartphone. This phone is the worst phone that I have owned.     Screens. You can customize your homescreen to have whatever  &quot;apps&quot; you downloaded. It also has a main homescreen, fun homescreen, and web homescreen. These you cannot customize. What is also poorly designed about this phone is that all of the &quot;apps are so close together that it&apos;s easy to accidentally touch the wrong one.    Camera. Picture quality is really bad and there is also no video camera. Also, in order to take a picture, you have to slide out the QWERTY keyboard and press the enter button. Camer features include: single shot, continous shot, and mosaic shot. Other features include: brightness level, self timer, resolution color tone, metering, night mode, image quality, white balance, grid, shutter sound, and storage option."	0
First of all the phone is poorly build and the software on the phone sucks and kind of slow but for a regular phone it works perfect and I must say the price was not that bad at all I bought a couple for my friends and they were impress by the looks of it . Over all all the phone is pretty ok for an alternate phone to have	1
"FIRST OF ALL IT SAYS GREEN AND WAS WHITE  DIDN&apos;T WORK BUT HAD IT REPAIRED FOR 120.00 BAD SCREEN BUT THEN IT IS NOT USEABLE BECAUSE IT IS A STOLEN IPHONE.. i CONTACTED APPLE AND THE PHONE IS A PAPERWEIGHT BECAUSE WE CAN NOT CONTACT PREVIOUS OWNER TO UNLOCK LOST CODE FROM FIND MY PHONE THE PHONE.I CANT ACTIVATE IT AND WOULD LIKE ALL MONIES REFUNDED PURCHASE PRICE, SCREEN, REPLACEMENT, AND LABOR,  TO REPLACE SCREEN, THANKS JAMIE 9072679634"	0
"FIRST Of all i was surprised when my nokia arrived, it was configured to greek language. in good condition, very good battery as i&apos;m forgetting when it was the last time i&apos;ve charged it. it was in good price and good packaging.   happy new year 2011. !!!"	1
"First Impression : LG can make the things very well. The box really resembles one limps of chocolate and is very original. The design is really a point on the LG put much with its electronic instruments. Even, the interior of the box points out a chocolate box. The box can be very well preserved to make another thing, but simply to deposit its cellular inside. On the Box : In the pretty box of the Chocolate LG 800, one finds obviously the cellular device, but also a user guide conceived very well. One finds also free a hands unit in two pieces, the ear-phones with catch of 3.5mm and an adapter which connects in the cellular one and then in the ear-phones. Cables USB as well as a charger owner are included in limps. As we wrote higher, the box is really beautiful and adds to the charm of this device. Operator : Bell is nevertheless quite present with this apparatus since the user guide was adapted for the customers of Bell Mobility. The mobile gate of Bell is obviously also present and the Chocolate LG 800 benefits from the network high speed of Bell EVDO to download music or video clips. It is obviously also possible to use all the options of multi-media transport of Bell with this device. The Design : It is obviously the most interesting point of this cellular device. LG which always makes the things into large and with class made a success of its blow with this cellular well. It slips from top to bottom and upwards extremely well and showing only one sign of weakness what is often the case with the telephones slider. The front of the device is very solid and should not break easily. A small defect is the possibility of the scratch easily since all the front of the device is made of a figure transparent which adds beauty to the design, but causes a problem of durability in our opinion. The Performance : All whose modern telephones must have is present in this device. A numerical camera of quality, the possibility of listening to music via a reader mp3, of recording videos, Bluetooth connectivity, the messages multimedia. All the menus are used very well and without delay in the execution of the orders. The Chocolate LG 800 is configured very well and without too many problems even for less the experts. The Screen : The screen is of very good quality of a size of 320x240 pixels on 10 lines make it possible to listen to well videos clip or of looks at simply photographs. It is of type LCD TFT to 262k colors, what is appreciably the standard currently on going it of the cellular ones. It is however not possible to regulate the luminosity of the screen, but rare are the devices of this category to have such an option. However, it should be mentioned that the screen is extremely clear and no problem with the sun causes or inside. The Keyboard : The keyboard is very simple and is summarized with nine digits, a star and the sharp. Let us note however, that LG with thought of those which often types messages text and added the Capital order and spaces on the sharp and star in order to facilitate the writing of the messages text. The button on before telephone which makes it possible to control it when the sliding keyboard is closed is very original. They are sensitive to the movement so that you do not insert any key simply touched with the drawing. They cannot thus cling or break and give even more style to the LG 800 Chocolate."	1
"First I want you to know I bought a cell phone broken and that makes me hate him ... the vibrator does not work everything else is fine .. do not buy anything from this seller, I pay for something 100% functional and that&apos;s not what I got"	0
"First i had to pay when i picked it up at the post office,  what i pay for shipping in bid for... then its mission everything,  charger,styles, battery wont charge. Phone is nasty Ni"	0
"first day it arrived i noticed poor quality, I opened it to put the sd card was careful but the plastic cover  did not closed or snap the way it should be,  use it like that cause it did not cost that much anyways only use it for 40 days , note 10 days after the warranty of 30 days now the phone is acting it turns off by itself even with a full battery, oh well again 40 dlrs. phone is a gamble."	0
"Firm very inflexible as to warranty.  I ordered before going on business trip that went past 30 day warranty period.  Asked for extension.  Was told no.  Suggest ordering only if certain to be able to receive and test phone.  Otherwise, a great buy."	1
Firefly is a2G phone and you can no longer get any service for it. Worthless an I'm so unhappy.	0
FinFingerprint manager missing	0
"Finally got to install on my tracfone account and use it. It is awesome fone. Small, thin and colorful. I know we are going to have a great life together."	1
"Fimgerprint scanner does""nt work in this device. It""s not how it was advertized. '  Terrible customer service. No answer to querries after an item is delivered."	0
"Fido just launched the Samsung Galaxy Q, and now Videotron has joined in releasing it as well. The Galaxy Q is an entry-level Android handset that has a sliding QWERTY keyboard, and features a 3.2 (320 x 480) touch screen display. It comes with a 3.15 MP camera with LED flash, and runs Android 2.3 Gingerbread. Connectivity options are as expected, with Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and GPS, and the handset comes in black."	1
Fi has been amazing and saved me and my family a ton of money!	1
F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-FF-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-	0
Fell regret  for being  u are not sure of your product Is locked or no & working well or no as you describe it. 	0
"Features that I use. Easy and good camera and video, mp3 player, FM radio is a plus too. Easy to use all around cell phone. I owned Sony Ericsson before and highly recommend if you don&apos;t need use of the web (which you can have access to)."	1
"fastest shipping ever, the highest quality packaging, always in contact with the seller. the phone was for a gift and the other person is just shocked."	1
Fastest phone I've ever seen.... Wow 	1
"Fast, reliable, and everything youd expect from an Apple phone "	1
"Fast, powerful, great value "	1
"Fast, informative seller. item was very clean and matched the description. "	1
"Fast, great price, arrived fast!  "	1
"Fast, feels comfortable and at the same time rugged in the hand. Feels like a very well made product."	1
"Fast very , few flaws , link to pc with no problems  , and you can turn this phone to a mini pc through Windows Continuum"	1
Fast transport services. Excellent condition. Thanks 	1
Fast shipping..... A++++	1
fast shipping. item came as described. will buy from this seller in the future............................	1
Fast shipping. Item arrived in secure packaging and was as described. Great eBay seller.	1
Fast Shipping. I have not activated the phone yet in order to review some of the features of the phone. A+ Seller.	1
Fast Shipping. Great Seller	1
"Fast shipping. Excellent product ,, as described. Buy with confidence.  Thanks. "	1
"Fast shipping. And though I had a problem with the battery, they shipped me another no questions asked the same day."	1
Fast shipping. Accurate to listing. (:	1
"Fast shipping, procuct as advertised, will buy from him again, a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a++a"	1
"fast shipping, phone in amazing condition, and it was fully charged and ready to go I apperciate everything and this was a very positive experience."	1
"Fast shipping, perfect phone "	1
"Fast shipping, looks brand new, would buy from again, no issues connecting to account "	1
"Fast shipping, just as described "	1
"Fast shipping, great price, will use again?!"	1
"Fast shipping, great price for a phone in great condition.  All of the accessories came with it along with the manual and screen protectors."	1
"fast shipping, great communication....the phone is awesome and easy to use. I love that I could purchase insurance for it"	1
"Fast shipping, good phone, $uper deal!:)"	1
"fast shipping, excellent prices the description was complete, the item is brand new, usefull  tahkyou"	1
"Fast shipping, accurate description, great value."	1
Fast shipping!! Great customer service. Would do business with again. The phone was just as described.	1
Fast shipping!! Cell phone is great.  Thank you! !	1
Fast shipping! Product just as described.	1
Fast shipping! Phone in excellent condition	1
"Fast shipping! came in as described, great price. Highly recommend seller."	1
Fast shipping! All as in the description.	1
fast shipping product as advertised new unopened.  Would buy again	1
Fast shipping just as pictured great seller a+++++++	1
Fast shipping great price and phone.	1
Fast shipping great phone thanks so much 	1
Fast shipping great 9out of 10 for condition. Great communication.  And very helpful. Answered all my questions.  Thank you so much.	1
fast shipping good quality thank you	1
"Fast shipping from the seller,surely knows how to strike a good deal, phone looks pretty good, almost like new"	1
"fast shipping but would not charge,i told seller so he asked me if i give discount and me keep the phone man was that off the wall. who want a phone that didnt work so he refunded the money. it seems like everytime i buy from ebay i get screwed so as of now i will not purchase any more from ebay bee burned 3 times in last 3 orders "	0
"Fast shipping but the phone wasn&apos;t new, as it had been advertised. The battery dies extremely fast, and the battery shows signs of wear, indicating it had. been used. Couldnt return it because I&apos;m overseas, the phone was shipped to a relative of mine who brought it over to me."	0
fast shipping as stated it would be. I needed backup phone.Things should have been deleted off this phone before sending it to someone.	0
Fast shipping and very friendly staff and best prices love my phone. Thanks for all the help and making my new phone the best .	1
Fast shipping and product was as advertised. Would do business again.	1
"Fast shipping and phone was as described. Good price too, very pleased with my purchase. "	1
Fast shipping and item is just as described. Thank you	1
fast shipping and item as advertised! 	1
Fast shipping and great product! Thanks! 	1
Fast shipping and great phone 	1
Fast shipping and good value 	1
Fast shipping and exactly what I wanted 	1
Fast shipping and amazing quality of product! I would do business with u again... I suggest to anyone looking for amazing satisfaction!	1
fast shipping a pleasure to do buisness with 5 stars all the way will purchase from these people again	1
"fast shipping  quick response to paypal submission  phone in excellent condition, and with a charger  just like new!    just what i was looking for"	1
Fast shipping  great salesman great service thank you very much  	1
"Fast Shipment, item as described, i recomment, thanks!"	1
Fast ship! Great Google 3XL LOVE IT!	1
"Fast service.  Would do business with them again.  Had to return the phone, and the process was very easy and my money was promptly refunded."	1
Fast service Great phone Good deal          THANKS !!	1
"Fast sender, good price. Fast sender, good price. Fast sender, good price. Fast sender, good price. Fast sender, good price. Fast sender, good price."	1
"Fast sender, good price. Fast sender, good price. Fast sender, good price. Fast sender, good price. Fast sender, good price. Fast sender, good price."	1
"Fast response from seller, great quality of item.  Honesty in the description of the item!  Item arrived in a very timely manner, item is as described by seller."	1
FAST FAIR HONEST A+A+A+AA+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+AA+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+	1
fast delivery. good product. good seller.	1
"Fast delivery, just as ordered, very pleased, will buy this phone  again if need, would recommend to a friend"	1
"Fast delivery, excellent service. "	1
"Fast delivery, exactly what was stated.  Im glad to have a phone thats not the size of my iPad. Perfect order."	1
"Fast delivery,  So far happy with the phone. "	1
Fast delivery!  Very durable 	1
Fast delivery but it never worked cant call anybody on it .I think it should have worked rite out of the box with out having to buy a warranty on it . But it don't .If I had time to wait for warranty to fix it I would have had my old phone fixed.	1
Fast delivery and received phone as described.  with purchase. Thanks	1
Fast delivery and quick responses.  And makes sure everything is right! Thanks again bud!	1
Fast delivery and good price	1
fast delivery and efficiency in the delivery and especially the product was very buneno I recommend i9190 Samsung Galaxy S4 mini prompt response berry hope you like me	1
Fast delivery and easy to set up	1
fast delivery and as long as keeps working it&apos;s great  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx	1
Fast delivery and as described	1
fast delivery A++ thank you!	1
Fast and safely shipped. Excellent product.	1
Fast and perfectly described. Love the phone!!!	1
Fast and as described quality! Awesome customer service 	1
"Fantastic Sattler! Five stars all the way, very easy to deal with and seller went out of his way to accommodate me, and very much appreciated! Will definitely deal with this seller again."	1
"Family member review is quite high, for one she bought."	1
Falsely advertised as a green 32GB iPhone 5c in reality it was a white 16GB iPhone I didn't I send it back and return my money I was very very disappointed	0
false description of the product	0
"False advertising.  The phone was supposed to arrive unlocked but didn't.  Even after purchasing additional unlock codes for Fido sim card,  it still wont unlock. Now, I need to recruit help from friends and family and have it take up their time.  This was not the ""easy peasy""  exchange your site is known for and incidents like this will not turn me off your website, but it has made me even more wary of the terms  ""buyer beware"" and ""sellers remorse"".  Thank you for your time, M Vann"	0
False advertising I can't get Verizon to connect to it.  	0
False advertisement. Highly upset. Battery life is terrible. Phone would constantly shut off on me anytime I tried to use the camera/Bluetooth/make a call. Not happy with this purchase.	0
"False advertisement, network is not unlocked! I contacted them for help or a solution to my problem. They reply, ""we provide products, not the service"". I'm sure half of there good reviews are fake somehow some way.  Wasted 5 days of my time. "	0
"Fake..won't connect to internet,  and Verizon doesn't know  of this phone"	0
Fake seller phone is fake . Market is fake	0
Fake review.....Disregard....I did not write this nor have I ever owned nor used the item this review is regarding.... Fake review....Fake review.....Disregard....I did not write this nor have I ever owned nor used the item this review is regarding.... Fake review....	0
"Fake product Do not recommend, buy at your own risk. Fake product, made to be used in United Arab Emirates.....  Seller want to me to record a video with defects in order to issue a return label, have to call square trade and eBay customer service to have the return made.  "	0
Fake phone from china i return it and waiting for my refund 	0
Failed to work with usa internet.	0
"factory rebuilt, looked like new, ordered 2 &amp; their people called before they shipped to ask if it would be ok, came without battery or Sims card"	1
Facing lots of difficulties with this purchase...	0
extremely low battery life	0
Extremely long lasting battery sturdy build good screen and fast	1
Extremely fast delivery and the product was as described. I'm very satisfied.	1
expedit delivery its a good cost-benefit product	1
"expectacular  awesome  wonderfull, however u should put more options on camera, but i love it  its big  its slimmer  and have style, it is a phone you can take and show friends"	1
exellente phone very happy	1
exellent power for long last	1
Exellent merci bcoup super vendeur :)	1
Exellent item great price and fast shipping !!!	1
"Exelente, 2 semanas de uso, buen rendimiento de batería, cámara, apps.  Me gustó mucho."	1
"exelente producto, calidad garantizada, 100% original."	1
Exelente producto me gusta	1
Exelente muy rapido 	1
"exelente atencion y rapido despacho, es Eso Lo Que Espera CUANDO UNO as Una Compra en EBAY, es asi Que Felicito ala casa bendedora."	1
"Exelent phone come a time thank,good function and goog condition I recommend my friend.phone come fast in mi home.................."	1
"Exelent love ojohohohohlhohlhlhlhlhlhohlhojojlhljljljljøjpjøjpkpkpjpjpkpkåkåk  Hpikhihihihkhkhlhljljojpjljlnln, hlhigukb, kjhk, mjmhnvmn, n."	1
Exelent item and seller	1
"Exceto pela tela, o Pixel 2 XL surpreende pela qualidade de seus componentes. Excelente câmera. Incomparável som das caixas frontais. É o melhor smartphone da atualidade.  "	1
"Exceptionallly great phone for such a low price, plus its battery life is phenominal. Why people spend nearly 10x more for an iPhone is beyond me."	1
"Exceptional value, would buy another one from you if you have it"	1
Excellent...	1
Excellent. Super fast shipping. Thank u. 	1
Excellent. highly recommend	1
excellent. great quality!	1
"Excellent, thank you  "	1
"Excellent, cause I needed a cdma cell in order to use it in my cdma Telco, This is a good seller and responded me very quickly....."	1
"Excellent,  I love it"	1
"Excellent! beautiful phone, I used to have the red one, but have liked this one a little more, I love the color silver!"	1
Excellent! As described.	1
Excellent working phone. Looked brand new in shrink-wrapped box. All accessories included and in working order. Exactly as advertised in description.	1
excellent very stable device without problems	1
"excellent value, fast shipping, immediate customer response and very good to work with"	1
Excellent transaction. Great phone and love how easy it is to use.......................................................................................	1
Excellent transaction with fast shipping	1
excellent thank you very much	1
"Excellent Sony Ericsson cellphone...My only wish is an LED FLASH.....even for a 3.0Megapixel camera...great pics, of course except at night(FLASH)...."	1
Excellent Smartphone!  Highly recommendated!!  Excellent Seller. I received my phone in one week =D  Complety new and un-used.  Just the keyword is in chinesse. I&apos;m learning how to change it to Mexican spanish or International Spanish	1
Excellent smartphone très évolutif avec Android Market. Un petit moins pour l&apos;autonomie.  Du grand Google	1
Excellent smartphone of small size.	1
Excellent smartphone good price !	1
"excellent smartphone ,the battery keep only one day if you will keep activated the mobile network all the day.  All touch devices even S3 are not practical when you are driving ,(after some time of practice become easier to use) but anyway the features make the difference."	1
"Excellent smart phone for the price and performance, it would be much better if can be upgraded to latest android version"	1
"Excellent shipping, got the item with what was included and it works great! "	1
"Excellent shape, easy to unlock GSMLiberty.net works like a charm, wife very, very happy. No scratches, great battery life, like new."	1
"Excellent shape, brand new. Picked up WIFI and cell carrier immediately. Deliver very good once ordered."	1
Excellent shape too 	1
Excellent service:  Replied to an email I wrote even before I purchase the phone.  Then the phone arrived on the indicated date!	1
"excellent service,everthing its hwt i spect,xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"	1
"Excellent service, extremely fast shipping. Brand new in box phone very happy with purchase"	1
Excellent service! Very fast shipping and great quality product. I will buy again with this provider. 100% recommended! :)	1
Excellent service and product.	1
excellent service	1
Excellent service	1
Excellent seller...)	1
"Excellent seller. Verified my purchase for safety before processing. Phone arrived packaged with extreme care. So appreciated... Phone is in brand new condition, just as indicated by seller. I will definitely purchase from this seller again in the future. "	1
Excellent seller. Phone came as expected and the service from the seller that came with it was a plus. :-)	1
Excellent seller. Great product.  Recommended 100%.	1
Excellent seller. Communication is good. Product arrived in described condition.	1
Excellent seller. Cell like a brand new	1
"excellent seller,excellent cell ,and excellent price,recommended 100% to do business with this seller"	1
"Excellent seller, the phone was in mint condition and I love it. I will certainly return to buy more from itsworthmore. "	1
"Excellent seller, the delivery of the product was very fast, in addition the seller was attentive to any question I made and I solve any doubt"	1
"Excellent seller, I love this phone"	1
"Excellent seller, fast delivery, as described"	1
"excellent seller, excellent item, all fine, power on fine, hold the charge fine, the ac cable are ok, usb cable fine"	1
Excellent seller! Good service 100% recommended! Fast shipping!!!	1
"Excellent seller! Extremely fast shipment, valuable product. Thank you "	1
excellent seller shipped as per mentioned in the listing A++ rating highly recommended.the product was sealed pack as he mentioned with all original accessories &amp; cables. excellent service and excellent mobile will buy more in future.	1
"Excellent seller I definitely recommend it, I quickly answered my messages, and the product is excellent"	1
Excellent seller	1
Excellent replacement phone for our excisting broken down one. Excellent condition and was in mint when we recieved it.	1
"Excellent reception, features, camera is great!  Downloads and txt messaging work great, too.  Verizon customer service is pretty cool.  A little pricey for service when you go over minutes, but over all I was happy with service."	1
excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase  excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase  excellent purchase excellent purchaseexcellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase  excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase  excellent purchase excellent purchaseexcellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase  excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase excellent purchase  excellent purchase excellent purchase	1
"Excellent produit, rien à dire. Ebayeur à conseiller, que du +++  A bientot pour de nouvelles affaires"	1
excellent products 	1
Excellent product.Extremely user friendly. Well constructed with appealing visual features.The only downside is it came without a proper case.Only a cloth pouch was provided.  Highly recommended.Good value.	1
Excellent product.  It came in one day! I didnt even pay for overnight shipping. Amazing!!! The phone works great too.. Phone was for my son.  He loves it!	1
Excellent product. 	1
"Excellent product, this is my 4, all the family has bought one!!!, nice battery life and frame."	1
"Excellent product, its functionality is frendly, fast and convenient for the job, multifunctional management, the screen colors is clear, the"	1
"Excellent product, i really like it.  Its easy to use, its a very good price and also its a very functional product."	1
"Excellent product, excellent price!"	1
"Excellent product, better then described. Fast shipping and excellent response time. Great great great seller."	1
Excellent product! 	1
excellent product was brand new just like advertised and delivery was prompt. I would recommend to anyone.	1
Excellent product recommended for every body	1
excellent product is a smartphone very attractive quality and had no problem I&apos;m using and it works wonders	1
Excellent product and good price. Thanks very much 	1
Excellent Product & Fast Shipping 	1
Excellent product  like new	1
excellent product  excellent features  good price  good size  too light  excellent screen size  recommended for people who have not used android before.	1
Excellent product	1
Excellent product	1
Excellent product	1
"Excellent pour ceux qui ont besoin de 3 cartes sim,frontaliers,voyageurs,.... En standby permanent les 3 lignes fonctionnent en meme temps. Ultra-pratique."	1
"Excellent phone..does everything you want with a smartphone. This phone is very reliable. Htc makes a great product and having it flashed to boostmobile makes it even better for the monthly price of using the sprint network on boost. I would highly recommend the htc evo 3d. Plenty of ram and I have a 3ogb card I added to the Rom. The processing speed is excellent.  The only draw back is the battery life. You must get an extended battery on this phone. The new evo lte gives 8hour battery but this phone requires an additional extended battery with an extended case to hold new extended battery. Also, It takes good pictures, also good real 3d pictures, pictures at night are not good."	1
"Excellent phone...does it all and just as good as a 2016 moto g4 , LG, or any Samsung J product. "	1
"Excellent phone. Very stylish with a ton of great features. You Cant go wrong with this blackberry. I purchased this phone because I wanted to upgrade from the blackberry curve. Im really happy with this phone and after using it, i belueve it is the nicest blackberry on the market."	1
Excellent phone. I really like it and the price is nice. So if you looking for phone waterproof and quite fast - this is good choice.	1
Excellent phone. Has all the features I need and it is easy to arrange application shortcuts to my liking. It is big enough and small enough to fit into my pocket.	1
"Excellent phone. First smartphone i own, I love it. Response time could be better but It&apos;s still great."	1
Excellent phone. Exactly as described. Very satisfied with the purchase.	1
Excellent phone. Ample space. User friendly..... My second Raven from Huawei.	1
excellent phone.   The iphone is a great phone and this one is working fine.  I got it since i didn&apos;t want to pay the high prices at the apple store	1
Excellent phone.	1
"Excellent phone,easy to use, battery live good(5 hours), very cool chrome finish, strong signal reception, one on the best flip phones."	1
"excellent phone, I use it all the time.  I am retired and I find this the most simple and easy to use phone I have ever had.  Everything is convient and easy to use."	1
"excellent phone, I love it!"	1
"Excellent phone, highly recommended. android 4.0 gives high productivity. it has pretty design. camera is very good on it."	1
"Excellent phone, good price, very slim and good sensitivity on touch screen, fast internet on wifi or cell data."	1
"Excellent phone, good camera and monster screen."	0
Excellent phone! Fine large display and extra super perfect camera.  This is not cell phone. this is camera cell!	1
Excellent phone!	1
Excellent Phone!	1
"excellent phone worked like a charm, replaced old scratched up phone"	1
Excellent phone with all the qualities of a smart phone. Only lacks battery performance. Other than that excellent phone.  	1
Excellent phone with a lot of features. The only thing I don&apos;t like is the touch screen is very sensitive other then that it&apos;s great	1
"Excellent phone to buy for your parents haha. If they are new to technology. quick with 3g and fast with wi-fi. if you need a smart phone for that price, highly recommended!"	1
"Excellent phone that meets my requirements. Not sure what was ment by ""does it have a small form factor"" so i just said yes."	1
Excellent phone Super fast shipping It's going to take some getting used to but it works great	1
Excellent phone received in great condition. Packaged well and fast shipping. Will definitely do business again with this seller! 	1
Excellent phone I have two of them.	1
"Excellent phone however it is only a 2g phone.  Most companies are phasing out 2g.  Therefore the phone is not useful anymore.  If it was 3g, it would be a winner."	0
Excellent phone for the price. Super fast shipping . Received new in factory box with all acces.. Very satisfied	1
"Excellent phone for the price.  This phone does everything the Samsung Focus S and HTC Titan do, but for $200.00 less.  The Tango application even works better on this phone because on the larger screened phones, the video is stretched out on the screen.  The Samsung Focus Flash&apos;s 3.7&quot; screen is perfect for seeing the other person&apos;s video learly!     Only downside is the battery life, only lasts about a day.  However, the Samsung Focus S and HTC Titan last the same amount."	1
Excellent phone for teen! Great keyboard! Only complaint is the touch screen is not always responsive. Must be very deliberate in selection. Overall a great phone!	1
Excellent phone for little money 	1
Excellent phone excellent price perfect service speedy delivery everything work great what more could you ask for	1
Excellent phone at an outstanding value!	1
Excellent phone at a good price. 	1
Excellent Phone a 10 Great Seller Highly Recommend Thx	1
"excellent phone 100% recommended  very good phone, very easy to use with a very different design to the other"	1
Excellent phone 	1
Excellent one true description 	1
"Excellent little phone, bought for my grandson who&apos;s 3, easy to use, I feel better when he goes for visits with his Dad now!"	1
Excellent l like it 	1
Excellent item - works and looks exactly as described.  Vendor earned my trust.  A++	1
"Excellent everything. Would do it again, and did....bought two of them. Good value and product for the not so gadget minded. Good and functional. Not to good outside the AT&amp;T network, but if it is and or has been a Consumer Cellular stick with them and don&apos;t try to put AT&amp;T with them. Buy the phone that worked with the network it was platformed for."	1
"Excellent everything is good, recomended, good seller  Excellent everything is good, recomended, good seller"	1
Excellent everything concerning this phone	1
"Excellent equipment, very portable, great price compare with overall performance.  Good and stylish but very easy to use.   Bought this item for the  prize and general features.  Highly recommend it."	1
"EXCELLENT DEVICE. This was my first smartphone and it will do pretty much anything. I see no need to drop over $600 on a Galaxy S5 when my S2 will do almost all the same functions for way cheaper. Be careful unplugging your phone charger as the charging ports are a known weak spot on the Galaxy devices.. I&apos;ve had 3 go out on me so far. BUT this can create an excellent value on the used Android market as the devices still work fine with an external charger and can be bought for next-to-nothing.  I paid only 34.00 on Ebay for my latest 16gig S2 with a known bad charging port and couldn&apos;t be happier. One can barely buy a flip-phone for that price! I temporarily downgraded to the newer Galaxy Prevail 2 thinking it&apos;d be better and went right back to the S2, there is no comparison. I&apos;m new to Boost as a carrier but so far so good! I&apos;m a younger guy and Boost seems tailored to my tastes. My AT&amp;T Galaxy s2 would turn itself off randomly sometimes and not turn back on unless you removed the battery and put it back, I guess thats another common fault on these. Overall tho I&apos;m happy, Samsung guy for life here."	1
Excellent device. Much better than an iPhone. Does the same without the Apple hype? Making the GPS feature work is kinda hard.  I&apos;m a PC! How about you?	1
"Excellent device. Beautiful display, great battery life. Lot of customizations. "	1
"Excellent device, comfortable screen size, it works without problems, not expensive, two sim cards, quickly and with more memory"	1
Excellent device that has all the capability to keep me productive even when away from a computer. The s-pen is excellent for note taking on the fly.	1
"Excellent device for individual having issues with using their hands. Having neuropathy and tendonitis in both hands, texting, manipulating small keypads is impossible with other units. Not being a touch screen is a benefit in my case.   The larger internal screen, louder speakers (Ringtones, alarm sounds) are also great.  One of my favorite features is the ability to set as many alarms as desired, not found in all devices and not disclosed. Having the 2nd external screen is a huge convenience for so many features. Does not have a forward facing camera, but takes great pics and video.  Also has placement for lanyard.  Very sturdy when flipped open; which was a problem with the Cosmos III.  Very good sound with multiple settings."	1
"Excellent deal, almost a brand new phone.  Refurbished but not noticeable at all. Thank you "	1
"excellent deal the seller  immediate attention and flawless optimal product and components 100 % original , unbeatable price recommended 100% buy from mexico functionality and everything came to perfection"	1
Excellent deal /value on a new BlackBerry KeyOne Special Edition Black. 	1
"Excellent costumer service,  will try to to find the best solution if anything goes wrong. Great phones at a good value. "	1
Excellent condition... better than I expected 	1
Excellent condition.. already unlocked.. you cant get anything better tha an iPhone when it comes to cellular phones.	1
Excellent condition. V clean 	1
Excellent condition. Low battery life. No as fast as the newer models.	1
Excellent condition.  As described.  Fast shipping.	1
"Excellent condition, exactly as described. Even came with a generic charger/cable. Most importantly the seller is extremely responsive and helpful. They refunded me the cost of expedited shipping even though it wasn't their fault that USPS delivered it late.  Highly recommend the products and the seller."	1
"excellent condition! works great!, no scratches seen or marks!"	0
Excellent condition fast shipping great price very happy	1
Excellent condition and good price.  Delivered in timely manner.	1
excellent condition A+	1
Excellent condition	1
Excellent communication and fast shipping. Perfect condition good price. 	1
Excellent CellPhone	1
Excellent cell phone!!	1
Excellent cell phone can change the batteries always will stay with a Note 4	1
"Excellent camera,  and sounds quality is amazing with headphones. Amazing lcd panel. "	1
Excellent buy. Shipped quick and in better condition than advertised. Very satisfied! Will buy from this seller in the future.	1
excellent article I really liked thanks so much............................................................................................................................................................................................	1
excellent article arrived before the agreed upon	1
Excellent  I chose this rating because the phone is excellent. This phone is one of the cheapest android 6 available. I recommend this to everyone.	1
excellant results. would buy from this vendor any time in the future. The phone is in excellant condition.	1
Excelente y llegó súper rápido.  Funciona de maravilla en Panamá 	1
Excelente telefono el lg g3. 	1
Excelente teléfono 	1
"Excelente servicio, el vendedor respondio mis dudas y el paque venia con un muy buen embalaje. Todo en perfecto estado,y solo tardo 4 dias en llegar"	1
"Excelente sellar, ver y responsable ando 100% realizable. "	1
excelente producto y muy buen servicio del vendedor. gracias	1
excelente precio	1
Excelente muy bonito .graciasss	1
excelente estado	1
"excelente equipo, buen precio, increible funcionalidad, 100% recomendado, lo mejor de samsung, buen tamaño, y lo mejor, doble sim, liberado para cualquier compañia"	1
Excelente condiciones llego super rápido gracias	1
Excelente celular moderno con aspecto clásico muy elegante. Funcionamiento perfecto del sistema android que permite usar todas las aplicaciones gratis y las que conllevan pago. 	1
Excelente artículo cumple con la descripción  cuando vi el equipo no podía creer que llegara a la casa	1
Excelente artículo 	1
EXCELENTE ARTICULO	1
"Excelent seller, great comunication"	1
Excelent seller         Very happy	1
Excelent function	1
Excelent condition 	1
"excelent cellphone, perfect for my job "	1
exceeded my expectations. exceeded my expectations. exceeded my expectations. exceeded my expectations. exceedexceeded my expectations. ed my expectations.	1
Exceeded  expectations 	1
Excede servicio muy bueno	1
exactly what wanted	1
exactly what the ad said it was and great condition but i need 100 characters so i will add iphones are awesome droids are sucky... p.s. otter cases cannot stop a mortar... my last iphone found that out the hard way	1
Exactly what I was looking for. 	1
Exactly what I was looking for	1
Exactly what I wanted to replace my other cell.  Price is amazing..Thanks I am 63 yrs. young and this has all the features I need. 	1
Exactly what I wanted and the price was excellent.  The service was faster than I expected. Thanks so much.	1
Exactly what I wanted and more.	1
Exactly what I ordered and paid for the very happy	1
Exactly how it's described! Perfect condition! Thank you. 	1
"Exactly described as purchased, phones great and included case ! Bonus works on Fido in Quebec,Canada  "	1
Exactly as promised !  This seller answered all my questions in the article.  This was easy to purchase.  Delivered exactly as promised.  I received this item within 3 days.  Thanks!  It&apos;s nice to deal with honest people.	1
Exactly as described... Very quick delivery... 	1
Exactly as described. Thank you so much for doing business. It was a pleasure.	1
Exactly as described. Really good deal. Came two days early	1
"Exactly as described. No scratches, long battery life, works well! "	1
"Exactly as described. At AVAIYA films, providing transformative technology is important to us and this Android phone has been excellent so far. Great seller! Would buy from again. :-)"	1
"Exactly as described, works great, fast shipping."	1
"Exactly as described, super fast service"	1
Exactly as described! Great delivery and on time.	1
"Exactly as described and makes using the phone easier than could be. Great battery life, sleek design, tethered text messages, and easy to use."	1
Exactly as described and expected.  Super fast shipping.  Highly recommended.  A++++ 	1
Exactly as described and arrived very quickly.  Immensely pleased.  Thank you.	1
Exactly as advertised. Thank you for the quick transaction and very fast shipping!	1
Exactly as advertised. Arrived quickly and is working well. Inserted my T-Mobile SIM card and it fired right up. Thank you. 	1
Exactly as advertised.  A barely used phone just like new.	1
exactly as advertised &amp; SUPER fast shipping!!  exactly as advertised &amp; SUPER fast shipping!!  exactly as advertised &amp; SUPER fast shipping!!	1
"Exactement le produit que je recherchais.   Mobile costaud, avec une grande mémoire qui me change de mon ancien portable.   Je le recommande VIVEMENT !"	1
Exactamente lo descrito	1
Exact description and working perfectly 	1
"EVRYTHING AND MORE  EXPECTED, TANKS"	1
Everythings good.. Excellent communication! Best seller i have ever met!! 	1
Everything you want in a phone. Large screen in a small size. Also very fast.	1
Everything would of been fine but I never received my phone... bad experience. The seller hasn&amp;apos;t given me the full refund. It was supposed to be a gift and this is the first time I didn&apos;t receive something I bought online.	0
Everything works great  and really fast shipping 	1
Everything works good on the phone. exterior condition is ok. seller listed as poor. scratches on the  screen but that is all. to be expected. Happy with what I got for the money I paid.	1
"everything works except MMS, or picture Messaging.."	0
Everything worked perfectly and was just as described. Speedy delivery! Would definitely buy from again!	1
Everything worked beautifully and was here on time. Highly recommend.	1
Everything went smooth.	1
"Everything went perfect, only one thing with FedEx, i have never liked them but nevertheless the phone and features were as the announcement said they were, i would recomend it to any friend any time."	1
"Everything went perfect, good product, good seller and very generous btw. 5 stars with no doubt!"	1
"Everything was perfect. The price, the package arrival time and the customer service."	1
Everything was just as stated. Perfect transaction. 	1
everything was fine with the seller and phone arrival on time and working condition. thank you hope to buy from you again	1
everything was fine	1
Everything was as described perfectly new 	1
"Everything the seller described about this phone is true.  It's like new, barely any wear, crystal clear pictures and sound.  I would buy from this seller again if I had to."	1
Everything smooth  	1
Everything received looked brand new and worked perfectly and no one beat the price. Would definitely buy from them again. 	1
"Everything is perfect with the phone, it was easy to install my stuff and it's easy to use. Only complaint is the phone did not come with the key to put my SIM card in but it's that bad since a paper clip fits into the hole."	1
"Everything is perfect in this phone - fast, excellent display, memory is quite enough, battery life is very good. The only drawback is that it does have good connectivity in 2G mode (if you are out in the wild and the connection falls back to 2G). Another thing is the built in branded apps, but they can be disabled or course."	1
"Everything is ok, works excellent "	1
Everything is OK!  Fast delivery! No any problems with the phone! I am very satisfied! ;)	1
"Everything is ok except the scree. Now I am suffering from the high expense of fixing screen. I do not think the phone is good to prevent the hard damage. My screen is extremely broken. Remember to buy insurance once you buy this phone.Otherwise, you will be freaking out."	0
"Everything is more than what I was  expecting, but the battery life not much. around 24 hours even i don't use it much."	1
everything is great	1
"Everything is fine, everything works"	1
Everything is fine the phone thanks	1
Everything is fine but the battery is not charging it charges but it depletes charge right away.	1
Everything from the phone is perfect. Brand new just like I expected. 	1
Everything expected and more. It took apple a while to get &quot;back in the game&quot; but I&apos;m pleased to say this is worth every dollar and more.	1
Everything came perfectly as ordered. She is trustworthy.nice doing business with her.	1
"Everything as described. Excellent!! Fast shipping, good communication. Overall, very pleasant experience! A pleasure."	1
Everything as described.   Thank you. 	1
Everything as advertised. Great buy.	1
Everything and more than I expected. I waited a long time to treat myself and it was so worth it. Best phone I ever had.	1
"Everything about this product is a plus to me, from the ordering  merchandise to the receiving of the merchandise, the seller deserve ***** stars.  Thank You for a product well kept.   jm"	1
"Everything about this phone is great, from the battery life to the speediness of it."	1
Everything 100 points...great seller	1
"Everyone likes the N95 8gb, and there a lot of fakes out there, including this one. Says its from Finland, however, that is just what the box says. The phone didn't even come with the charger to power up the phone. The back does not say made in Finland, says make by NOKIA, doesn't have a place shown at all. All the indicators online that lead to this being a fake, it. The picture on the CD is horrible copy quality, says that it's the NOKIA n95-4 on the CD; The Nokia N95-2 8GB is the one made in Finland where the N95-4 is made in Korea. A lot of things don't add up, and to top it all off, they send you an invoice to confirm your purchase, and at the bottom there is an email to contact someone for questions, and here's the email: tinyd666 at gmail. it's a fake. Don't buy! STAY AWAY! "	0
"Everyone falls in love with my Passport! It is a great phone with great features not found in other smart units. The Security of the phone is its biggest reason to own one. Great screen, quality graphics and faster that iPhone!  "	1
"Everybody is different !! This phone is great it's compact it does everything I need , camera is excellent !! Talking and taking photos are the most important issue with me !! Plus it fits in my pocket easy !! 100% happy "	1
Every time i turn on the phone it gets to the home screen than it reboots and the process continues !! I do not like this . It is stupid	0
Every time I buy a note 5 something happens to it I've already owned four I'm getting ready to switch back to the Note 4 although I do like the pictures on the Note 5 but for some reason something goes wrong at all the time	0
every thing was ok in the transaction.	1
"every feature i could wish for.  waterproof,  wireless charging.  fast exynos processor.  although purchased used it was in perfect condition."	1
"Every action in this phone is really slow, not recommended.  Battery life is really poor also. i will try to upgrade operative system for better performance, i gave it as a gift and i am really upset about it"	0
Evertyhing was ok. Thank you	1
"Ever since I got this phone my phone says no service everywhere I go. I went to my service plan and they said it's the phone, that the antenna doesn't work properly in the phone. "	0
Even though this phone was Google locked and cracked it still worked and cannot ask for a better phone.	1
"Even though this phone is an older model from 2006, I&apos;d suggest if you can find it online (I&apos;m sure you can) to buy it.  This is my second one and my wife has one. It works with my Garmin Nuvi GPS as a blue tooth.  I can call and receive calls on my gps from this blue tooth phone as a hands free device.  With the voice dial option, just say the name in you phone book and it dials for you.  You can assign pictures to your phone contacts.  It has a great sound and you can transfer mp3s via blue tooth as ringtones, etc.  It does a lot of nice things and its compact. Also very durable.  Has been dropped several times with no problems."	1
"Even though the trading has not been completed, this is the wonderful and honest seller that I love to trade with."	1
"Even though the subject title stated Gold, the phone is actually Silver with a gold plated case. Other than that, everything is good."	1
"Even though the memory is expandable, the onboard memory is so small it cannot handle even 1 app download before it starts to ask to delete files without letting up.  Item as described, but the memory is ridiculous and renders the phone practically useless.  Also, it does not use a micro sim, it uses a standard sim.  "	0
"Even though my after-purchase showed a different item than the one I bought, I received my PT operating order super quick. The company even offered a full refund due to the wrong item sold picture. I declined their refund offer because the bathroom scale wok's good at an amazing price"	1
"Even though it was refurbished, it looks and feels brand new. It came with a samsung wallcharger and a pre-applied screen protector (those ones that you're supposed to take off but could still use). Very happy with my purchase!!"	1
"Even though I purchased a used iphone, the unit was in very good condidtion and the seller was quick to answer my querries."	1
Even eBay didn't do the proper follow up. The seller was a total scammer. Beware everyone. 	0
"Even due the phone didn't came with it's original charger base and box the phone is in excellent condition, it seems like new, phone arrive on-time too."	1
"even after many years when nokia released 6110 Navigator,still more reliable than many newer ones.  good quality build.  sound top quality."	1
"Even after downloading the manual I can&apos;t seem to get a hang of this phone. It changes while I have it to my ear when I&apos;m talking to someone and is constantly going to a site that I did not want it to go to. I was told the sensitivity was too high but, can&apos;t figure out how to change it. I would not but this phone again I feel it would have to be for someone who has a lot of technical abilities not just someone who needs a phone and possibly the internet connection."	0
"Evaluo mal todo porque, el precio estaba increible, pero al parecer fue una estafa, nunca me llegaron los celulares que pedi, el vendedor nuca me respondia mensajes, si me devolvieron mi dinero, pero la gracia es que las cosas lleguen."	0
estupendo teléfono dentro de la calidad precio.	1
estoy muy pero muy enojada cada vez que hago una compra tengo que hacer una disputa porque nunca quedo complacida por los engaños e comprados dos celulares Sansung Galaxi centura y en ningun momento me describieron que eran  dual yo no queria un cel dual porque en mi pais se usa tarjeta Sim de activacion quiero mi dinero esto es un robo	0
Estoy muy molesto con la compra...  En la pantalla se nota una sombra de otra imagen y la huella no me funciona para nada...  	0
Estoy muy felizzz me llego mi note 3 y un dia antes de la fecha mil gracias	1
"Estoy muy contento con mi compra, muchas gracias."	1
Estoy muy contenta con mi compra es un placer tratar contigogracias muchas gracias	1
Estoy Muy conforme con la compra que le hice a este vendedor gracias	1
"Estéticamente bien.pero se apaga con carga aún lástima,pero el celular está malo"	0
ESTE VENDEDOR PROPORCIONA INFORMACIÓN FALSA 	0
Este telefono se lo compre a mi suegra y ella me ha dicho que no le ha hido muy bien con el se descontrola solo y tiene que apagarlo y prenderlo de nuevo para arreglarlo.	0
"Este telefono estamuy bien cuidado,excepto unos golpes que tiene..."	1
Este phone nunca llegó y me cansé de reclamar a usps me parece que el vendedor debería responder lo considero una estafa ya que enel tiene el comprobante del envío 	0
"Este artículo fue recibido, el mismo no tenía su cubierta plástica en ninguna parte toda le fue removida, a lo entiendo que este fue usado."	0
"Estas cosas edición limitada se pagan caras, pero estoy muy contento. ""Sigue al conejo blanco"""	1
Estafador me vendió un iPhone supuestamente unlocked y está bloqueado ahora el iPhone no me sirve para nada 	0
es una maquina de telefono me encanto.........................................................................................................	1
"ES UN VENDEDOR QUE OFRECE MERCANCIA QUE NO TIENE, SOLO PIDE EL PAGO DEL ARTICULO Y AL PASO DE 20 DIAS DICE QUE LA PRODUCCION SE DETUVO, PERO YA RECIBIO EL DINERO Y SOLO TE QUEDA LA OPCION DEL REEMBOLSO. ES UN VENDEDOR MENTIROSO, NO COMPREN CON EL, NO ES CONFIABLE."	0
"Es un teléfono excelente. Dado su bajo costo y alta funcionabilidad es una inversión muy buena. Si bien la cámara es pequeña, el resto de las funciones son excelentes. Muy recomendado."	1
Es un fraude con este vendedor	0
"Es un excelente teléfono pero un poquito caro en comparación con otros productos, biena calidad de fotos, se mueve rápido en  la internet, llegos de tiempo, se lo recomderaria"	1
ES UN EXCELENTE CELULAR NO SE PUEDE PEDIR MAS DE EL PARA MI ES LO MÁXIMO   ..................................................................................................................	1
"es un clon barato. no tiene android,la señal es debil, el WIFI funciona bien.  en mi opinion, no volveria a comprar un clon."	0
"es un clon barato. no tiene android,la señal es debil, el WIFI funciona bien.  en mi opinion, no volveria a comprar un clon."	0
Es un buen equipo me gusta!	1
Es todo un fraude me estafó con 54 dólares no le compren eBay tampoco reembolsa su dinero. 	0
Es solo para usar en una compañía y nada de desbloquear pues lo quería para llevar a Cuba y lo tuve que traer de vuelta y no lo puedo usar	0
Es perfecto para las personas mayores es un éxito	1
"Es muy buen teléfono, no he tenido problemas con él. Como siempre Nokia saca buenos productos. El gps funciona de las mi lmaravillas siempre y cuando cuente con una conección, de pronto la triangulación no es tan exacta en carretera o los mapas de ovi no estan tan actualizados, eso pasa en mi país (Ecuador), por lo demás es muy fácil de usar."	1
Es modelo de 30 anios Ofreci 50 dolares	0
"Es imposible pagar ni con ebay ni con paypal, porque lo mas seguro es que no tienen configurado la cuenta con paypal por lo cual al no recibir pago no despachan, ademas comprar fuera, en su supuesta ""tienda"" te estaria dejando sin la protección de ebay contra fraudes, que no llegue el producto o con respecto a las devoluciones.  ademas me parece demasiado básica su supuesta tienda online y ¿por qué deberían de poner de entrada, si no puedes pagar con ebay visita nuestra tienda? ¿acaso ya saben que eso va a pasar?"	0
Es excelente teléfono y a buen precio.	1
"Es como volver el tiempo atrás con la C64 mini,hecho con muy buenos materiales,apta para tv actuales y con un joystick excelente,réplica del competition pro,muy buen producto! El vendedor es excelente!!!,muy amable y responsable,en todo momento se comunicó para mantenerme al tanto del envío."	1
Era lo que esperaba. Muy buen producto 	1
"Equipo tal y como lo prometió el vendedor, hasta el momento sin problemas"	1
Equipo perfecto. Buen vendedor recomendado al 100. Solo le recomendaria que apresurara el tiempo de envío. Nosotros los compradores deseamos que al comprar algo llegue rápido... Nuevo totalmente... 	1
Envió el articulo tal y como se acordó seriedad total estoy muy agradecido la valoración de 5 estrellas merece por los buenos comportamientos en los negocios  producto original y los miro de la caja y teléfono coinciden 	1
Entregado antes de lo previsto exelente estado y precio radonable por ser usado 	1
"Enjoying the phone, fast delivery. It was missing the USB cable, but when I informed them of this, they promptly sent me it!"	1
"Endlich etwas anderes und nicht immer die typischen Handys.  Samsung beweist es mit diesen Super Handy.      Handy oder Turntable?    Der portable Musikfreund präsentiert sich in den Farben Schwarz, Silber und Metallic-Blau.  Bei den musikalischen Tönen hat sich der Hersteller Unterstützung von Bang &amp; Olufsen geholt und das Audiosystem ICEpower eingebaut, mit dem eine durchaus gute Klangqualität wiedergegeben wird. Sowohl die tiefen Basstöne als auch die hohen Töne klingen klar und kräftig. Die Widgets auf dem Touchscreen stellen sich in leuchtenden Farben dar. Was man auf den ersten Blick erkennen kann: Das Handy mit DJ-Funktion ist in erster Linie für Jugendliche gedacht. Aber zugegeben - das Scratchen eines Songs ist auch für Erwachsene ein netter Zeitvertreib. Das Touchscreen reagiert gut auf Berührung und verschmiert auch nicht allzu leicht.  Mit einem Gewicht von 90 Gramm zählt es nicht zu den leichtesten Handys.      Das Musik-Handy ist durchaus als Allrounder zu bezeichnen:   Im Menübereich finden sich alle erdenklichen Programme, die man sich heutzutage von einem Multimedia-Handy erwartet. Aber konzentrieren wir uns auf das Kernstück der Funktionen, das DJ-Pult.  Man kann sich aus der Playliste ein Lied auswählen und selber seinen Sound dazumischen. Einerseits kann man diverse Filter über den Sound legen, wie zum Beispiel Tempowechsel, Automatisches Schwenken oder Echo. Diverse Scratch-Funktionen wie schnarren, klatschen, oder umkehren komplettieren das DJ-Angebot. Mit diesem Portfolio sind auf jeden Fall viele Kombinationsmöglichkeiten gegeben. Das kreierte Musikstück kann man natürlich auch aufzeichnen, allerdings erfordert es schon etwas Übung, bis sich das ganze einigermaßen &apos;gut gescratcht&apos; anhört. Das DJ-Beat wird keinen echten Turntable ersetzen können, aber das sollte auch nicht der Anspruch des Gerätes sein. Die mitgelieferten Kopfhörer bieten zwar eine gute Hörqualität, die Kabel-Länge ist jedoch eindeutig zu kurz.      Die 3,2 Megapixel-Kamera ist einfach zu bedienen und liefert auch gute Bilder. Neben den üblichen Kamera-Funktionen hat Samsung auch Geo-Tagging eingebaut. Damit kann der Längen- und Breitengrad des Ortes, an dem das Bild aufgenommen wurde, aufgezeichnet werden. Das 2,8-Zoll Amoled-Display sorgt dafür, dass man auch an sonnigen Tagen einen Überblick über die dargestellten Inhalte behält. Für das Surfen im Web, dass übrigens relativ schnell ist, ist die Größe des Displays auch ausreichend.      Fazit:  ~~~~~~  Mit dem Beat DJ bedient Samsung eine bestimmte Zielgruppe, die mit dem Handy sicherlich eine Freude haben wird. Das Gerät stellt auf jeden Fall eine Erweiterung im gesamten Handy-Markt dar und sorgt für Abwechslung. Neben der DJ-Funktion lassen sich auch die anderen Multimedia-Anwendungen einwandfrei bedienen. Ein guter Altersbegleiter.      Viel Erfolg beim einkaufen.    Mfg"	1
Encargue este artículo el día 7 de diciembre Y aun no hay respuesta del del envío o de la devolución del dinero. No estoy conforme.	0
En ningún momento dise q no traía el cargador y tú no vas a comprar un equipo sin cargador porq barato no está 	0
En muy mal estado 	0
"En muy buenas condiciones, y buen funcionamiento "	1
En la descripción dice qué es carbon grey Pero es de otro color ..Es silver	0
En excelentes condiciones ¡Muchas gracias!	1
"En comparaison au iphone, cet HTC est vraiment super un le prix abordable. J&apos;en suis ravi. En plus l&apos;autonomie est sympa, sauf si on oublie de déconnecter le wifi...."	1
"Email, internet, nothing works now. I guess Nokia stopped support for this phone. It's ok for calling and texts, but has poor signal. I thought the antenna would at least be better. I can't get signal inside of my workplace, and the building doesn't even have a metal roof. Don't even get me started on the pain in the a** it is to find the correct apn settings for this phone.  "	0
Email tell her numerous times he failed to respond and I don't think I got a very good deal for me and I still extremely bad seller	0
El wifi y el bluethoo no funcionan 	0
"El vendedor puso que solamente tenia mal wifi que no entraba, y solo tenia algunos rasgunos. Pero eso es tolamente falso lo único que dice que es verdad es de los rasguños , pero el celular vino abierto por abajo el lado de los volúmenes está abierto y eso es mentira no es el wifi que tiene malo es la tarjeta no entra nada lo lleve a un sitio arreglarlo y eso no sirve así que quiero que resuelvan este caso porque el vendedor dice que no acepta devoluciones y como va a aceptar si todo lo que dice es falso "	0
El vendedor publicó un artículo en excelentes condiciones y no lo está. No enciende. 	0
El vendedor no me dijo todos los defectos del producto	0
"El vendedor no aclara que el teléfono está bloqueado por la compañía Boost. Yo lo pedí pero no lo puedo utilizar, no lo Pueden desbloquear. Además, sí está nuevo, no incluyen el cargador, viene el teléfono sólo."	0
"El vendedor es un estafador, envia los productos que no son acorde a lo descrito, no responde los mensajes a mi me robo cerca de 700 dólares, es un ladrón y estafador  Pedí 5 si edge azules, en buen estado y me envia uno exageradamente malo y raspado y la pantalla estaba muy quemado, mientras en la descripción dice que es ligero "	0
el un buen telefono llego rapido me gusto realmente he ralizado una exlente compre y el vendedor es un buen servicio al cliente.	1
El touch no funciona completo 	0
el telelefono llego malo. la tarjeta de sim car mala	0
El teléfono vino con defecto y pido devolverlo    	0
El telefono se friza se calienta y me esta dando muchos problemas no lo retorno porque estoy fuera de los Estados Unidos en este momento pero no lo recomiendo	0
El telefono se calienta mucho no tiene flash frontal el processor se congela no hay manera de  actualizar el Android porque tiene que estar alla con línea de la compañia original y sin salir de Estados Unidos al comprarlo unlocked jamás lo actualizaras LG SOLO ENVIO UNA ACTUALIZACION 	0
"El teléfono que me enviaron venía con una falla, se los envié de regreso para que me enviaran uno nuevo, y vallan sorpresa, nunca me avisaron que ya lo habían enviado, y estuve como tonto esperando por más de 5 días hasta que me di cuenta que el teléfono estaba en mi buzon, y para colmo , el nuevo teléfono venía con la pantalla estrellada y la bocina frontal no funciona. No los recomiendo para nada . Son un asco."	0
El teléfono que le compre a este vendedor tenía reporte de robo y él no dijo nada	0
"el telefono no funciono correctamente, a la semana se averio y no volvio a encender, llego con un boton defectuoso, y al final no sirve "	0
El teléfono no funcionaba. Ha sido una decepción. Muchos problemas para que me devuelvan el dinero. Todavía no he conseguido el reembolso. No lo compren.	0
el teléfono no carga y el vendedor no ofreció una solución satisfactoria. cuidado al comprarle a el. no es confiable. el teléfono no es de buena calidad se nota que es un teléfono reconstruido 	0
El telefono Mini Ka09 decia que estaba desbloqueado y se podia utilizar con tarjeta sim de AT&amp;T pero cuando lo recibi y lo utilice no me reconoce ninguna tarjeta SIM por lo que no pude utilizarlo.Ademas el empaque no vino con instrucciones para resolver ese problema.	0
el telefono me llego en muy malas condiciones fisica y muy maltratado	0
el teléfono me está dando problemas ya que se paga solo no está funcionando bien.  entiendo que deberían de probar los artículos de esa índole más ya que ahora debo pagar para revision y en caso de que pueda repararse también y si no se puede perdí mi dinero.  Estoy algo molesta.	0
"El Telefono llego en perfecto estado y según lo que se describe, gracias. "	1
"El teléfono está nuevo y funciona perfecto, estoy muy contento con la compra lo recomiendo mucho por el precio que tiene aqyi"	1
El teléfono es genial y factores gracias me gusta.	1
"El teléfono es excelente su gran pantalla rapidez y etc , pero tiene un problema de bandas 4G no trabaja con algunas que dice que trabaja y ya por eso este equipo me ha decepcionado , espero que con alguna actualización lo corrijan pero mientras mi calificación va ser baja ."	0
El teléfono daño la batería.	0
El producto venía con la caja sin sellos o sea que ya habia sido destapado y además la caja venía golpeada y fea. El producto no se puede homologar en mi país y el vendedor no me da ninguna respuesta o solución	0
"El producto presenta mucho más daños que lo presentado y escrito por el vendedor. Los lados laterales del teléfono están sumamente maltrato, igualmente la pantalla presenta más daños que la foto presentada . Lo presenta como color negro y es blanco. Ocultando más daños visibles"	0
El producto nunca fue enviado a mi dirección postal  no lo recomiendo es una estafa . son unos ladrones.  	0
"El producto no llego a mi direccion y no me han solucionado el problema, como tampoco el reembolso.  Mala la atenciin del proveedor.  Tener cuidado al comprar a este proveedor.    Cambiar a español  The product did not reach my address and I have not solved the problem, nor the refund.  Bad provider's attention.  Be careful when buying from this provider.  "	0
"El producto me llegó en perfecta condiciones, como nuevo y con todo sus accesorios"	1
"El producto llegó en tres semanas, mucho antes de lo que esperaba y hasta el momento ha cumplido con las expectativas."	1
El producto enciende pero se apaga al desconectar el cargador. Equipo malogrado inservibe	0
el producto debio de llegarme el 24 de junio y hasta ahorita no me ha llegado    	0
El producto cumple lo especificado y esta excelente	1
El problema del touch es de la placa	0
EL PRECIO NO ES EL QUE INDICA EL VENDEDOR	0
el power la tarjeta  sim no entra biem 	0
"El phone vino bloqueado. No lo pude usar porque ninguna simcard de Argentina aceptó. Un dinero que para mi es mucho, el dispositivo los aranceles aduaneros y el costo del contador.dinero tirado. Muy malo."	0
"El equipo trabaja muy bien, no se congela y es excelente para lo que está diseñado"	1
"el equipo si me llego un dia despues de lo pactado,,solo q  viene en un idioma q no le entiendo,,alguien me puede ayudar a cambiarlo a español? gracias"	1
EL EQUIPO LLEGO EN EXCELENTE CONDICIONES TODO BIEN RECOMIENDO EL PRODUCTO Y AL VENDEDOR SATISFACCION BUENA	1
El dispositivo no ha llega a mis manos 	0
El celular que te compre me salió robado y me lo blokiaron	0
"El celular no funciono lo devolví y estoy esperando me repongan el dinero que aun no ha sucedido. pague el celular, pague derechos de importación y pague la devolución del producto y aun o me han devuelto el dinero."	0
El celular me dijo que no tenía batería pero al llegarme a las manos aparece con la pantalla rota. Me engaño  	0
El celular llego en buen estado es muy lindo pero su sistema es pesimo muy lento no te permite hacer nada. 	0
"EL CELULAR ESTABA VIEJO Y SUCIO CON RASTROS DE OXIDO, ME DIO ASCO USARLO, LO ÚNICO QUE LE HICIERON FUE CAMBIARLE LA CUBIERTA Y PONERLE UNA BATERÍA NUEVA POR CIERTO DE PÉSIMA CALIDAD Y CARGADOR BARATO A PARTE DE QUE NO ESPECIFICARON BIEN Y ESTE EQUIPO NO FUNCIONA EN COLOMBIA, BOTE LITERALMENTE MI DINERO A LA BASURA QUE FUE LO QUE ME TOCO HACER CON ESTE CELULAR, RECIBIRLO PARA LUEGO BOTARLO, QUE MAL QUE LE METAN GATO POR LIEBRE A LA GENTE CON ESTA CLASE DE PRODUCTOS."	0
El celular estaba hermoso muchas gracias 	1
"El celular es una réplica china del nokia 3310. No trae idioma español , físicamente es muy parecido al original pero no es lo que esperaba. "	0
El celular es De Chip ?	0
el celular era de prueba y se reinicia constantemente y la bateria se descarga rapido	0
El cargador no es el de el teléfono y está rallado  	0
"El artículo, si es puesto pieza tiene que traer la Bateria, no destaparlo para sacar lo que puede dejar un poco de benéfico al comprador"	0
"El artículo nunca llega , solo te roban el dinero "	0
"El artículo no llega, hace más de un mes que pague. Quiero un reembolso."	0
"El artículo llegó en perfecta condiciones, tal como fue descrito. "	1
el articulo decia desbloqueado y esta bloqueado. y le escrito al vendedor y no contesta	0
"El anuncio del articulo de promoción por ebay, no dice que el teléfono fuera reparado, en cuyo caso el cliente decide si se arriesga a comprarlo. El teléfono resultó  con las siguientes anomalías: 1. La pantalla no era la original, es decir, ya la habían cambiado. 2. El teléfono se quedó pasmado y no podía habilitar el ""itouch"" de pantalla. 3. Estuve en comunicación con el vendedor  y después de un mes no he recibido noticias.  Esto deteriora el prestigio de ebay. "	0
"Either I got bad phone or this is worst phone ever. Slow,  battery drained in hours, most apps don't work."	0
Einfache Bedienung. Ausgereiftes Produkt und mit einer 512 Speicherkarte gut als Musikplayer zu nutzen!	1
Einfach zu ersetzen und funktioniert einwandfrei.	1
"echos real bad. sound quality terrible, I have tried everything to get rid of echo nothing helps, the ear piece volume is bad too, but found an app that helped it some."	0
"eBay seller hottelecom_1 listed the phone as ""unlocked, and will work with every carrier except Metro PCS."" They sent a Metro PCS phone, which they insisted was ""going to work with my Verizon plan."" My local Verizon store thought they were full of it, too. I got  my money back. "	0
"EBay needs to take these off market. They are turning on fire, and burn. They been officially recalled."	0
"EBAY ITEM #290549311774, THIS IS PROBABLY A GREAT PHONE BUT IT DOES NOT WORK IN MYC APPARENTLY EACH INDIVIDUAL STORE THAT I VISITED AND SPOKE TO THE OWNERS COULD NOT TURN IT ON BECAUSE THE CELL PHONE BROADBAND OR BROADCAST WAS FOR A SPECIFIC STATE. i UNDERSTAND THAT THE SELLER DOES NOT REFUND, THE PHONE WAS A GIFT FOR A FAMILY MEMBER IN COLLEGE, HE ALREADY HAD A METRO PCS CELL PHONE, BUT COULD NOT GET THE SCREEN ON HIS PHONE WORKING, POSSIBLY BECAUSE HE DROPPED IT MANY TIMES. i AM WILLING TO TAKE AN EXCHANGE FOR SOMTHING ELSE OR EVEN A PHONE SIMILAR TO THE ONE I USE WHICH IS VIRGIN MOBILE PHONE. IF EBAY, PAYPAL AND THE SELLER CAN AGREE TO THIS PROPOSITION. EVRYTHING WILL WORK OUT WONDERFULLY AS LONG AS THE PRICE IS OF EQUAL AMOUNT . I WILL SHIP BACK THE KYOCERA TEMPO 20000 BACK TO EBAY OR THE SELLER AS ASAP. I WOULD NEED THE CORRECT SHIPPING ADDRESS AND CONFIRMATION THAT THE PHONE WAS RECEIVED BY THE SELLER AND THEN WE CAN GO AHEAD WITH FINDING ME A VIRGIN MOBILE PHONE THAT I CAN CHANGE MY NUMBER OVER TO AND MAYBE IT COULD BE BETTER THAN THE ONE I ALREADY HAVE. THANK YOU MARK GANGADEEN. MEMEBER ID MARKGANGADEENMARK, EMAIL:brettpost123@yahoo.com, phone #&apos;s to contact me at is 646 542 6109 or 347 278 7435"	0
"Ebay is very stupid. When i called you go report that i did not get the phone after i paid for it, you told me that i have not paid for it. Though i reported that i have paid a month ago. You said it is lies. So which phone do you want me to review? Bad business is buying on ebay."	0
"Ebay has everything on the internet when you seach an item that you wanted. The thing I don&apos;t like the most is the feedback. When the buyer bought an item, they (buyer) should leave the feedback for the seller to know how well he or she accomplish. IF the feedback likely to be ignored, the seller won&apos;t get any points or to improve the selling. The reason I bought it bc it&apos;s cheap."	1
"Ebay has everything on the internet when you seach an item that you wanted. The thing I don&apos;t like the most is the feedback. When the buyer bought an item, they (buyer) should leave the feedback for the seller to know how well he or she accomplish. IF the feedback likely to be ignored, the seller won&apos;t get any points or to improve the selling. The reason I bought it bc it&apos;s cheap."	1
"EBay can be very deceiving! I bought this phone that had a review of all the bells and whistles long long add praising the phone. And at the very bottom after a lengthy advertisement it said no charger included no earphones included iCloud lock in parentheses in very small words. I've never heard of iCloud lock, I thought it was a feature. Needless to say I received the phone and it was a brick could not use it. This man was very deceitful and ripped me off on purpose!"	0
EBAY ARE THIEVES AND GIVES BAD CELL PHONES. IVE ORDERED 2 AND EBAY WOULD OR WILL REFUND ME. THEY ARE ALLOWING THE SELLER TO GET THE CREDIT OF SELLING BAD BOOST MOBILE PHONES. TURNED EBAY INTO BETTER BUSINESS BUREAU. PISSED OFF. NEVER RECEIVED THIS PHONE AND EBAY WONT GIVE ME MY REFUND. POST OFFICE WONT HELP. THEY HAVE THIEVES WORKING WITH THEM AS EBAY IS. 	0
Easy to work...................................................................................................................................	1
Easy to work with. Great description. 	1
Easy to use; confusing being a UK phone and not for USA; cannot lock keys; beautiful pics from megapixel camera with flash and night mode; better ring tones; difficult if not impossible to change front face (must be taken in to have done); phone fun; NEGATIVE: phone is very easily turned OFF by pressure on screen (especially when holding in between your shoulder and ear); I used this phone for two months and then threw it out... I would never by another one like this!	0
Easy to use. Long battery life.	1
"Easy to use, good interface, good call quality and works seamlessly on TMO&apos;s uma system. Good screen, nice clamshell design, lots of extra - only wish email is available."	1
"Easy to use long battery life ,perfect size, I drop it several time didn't break , pretty descent camera and charge fast .  "	1
Easy to use great little phone	1
easy to use clear screen I prefer keyboard versus touch screen nice size and I reallly like the white smartphone	1
"Easy to use and other fetures like web, meseges, voice,camara,  gps,maps,google,apps and market.    lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll    nice"	1
"Easy to use and I picked it up right away.  Also, the seller left me a note to say I could call anytime with questions.  Very helpful."	1
easy to set up. good display	1
"Easy to set up  reliable, long battery life. Love the screen size! You just can't beat an Apple product."	1
Easy and it looks perfect 	1
Early this morning I message you twice due to fact my daughter accidently ordered this empty box.....I didnt give u concent on processing my payment and sending it....I will loke my refund back amd I will contact ebay about this.	0
Eagerly purchase item but had one question. Seller quick to respond. It wasn&apos;t exactly what I was looking for but seller gave immediate refund through PayPal. A++++ Seller.	1
Durable phone. Good price.	1
DURABLE DEPENDABLE TOUGH ENOUGH TO STAND UP TO MY GENERAL USE~! HARDLY WANT ANY OTHER PHONE~!!!	1
DudeWants me to pay almost the same price as I would pay for a perfectly good iPhone 7!? Yeah  right!Always wanting something for nothing people online suck	0
"Dual SIM, great capabilities!  Excellent reception everywhere. Global clocks so you can keep track of everything!"	1
Dual sim doesn't work . Using lyca and Optus in Australia. Doesn't work both at same. Ordered 2 phones online. Received on time just 2 days before we leave for overseas trip. . Only problem was one had broken screen straight out of box. Charger plug wasn't Australian either.   Very bad after spending nearly $140 Australian dollar for each phone. Couldn't call supplier either as went overseas with that phone	0
"Dropped my S3 for the last time as screen smacked the floor. Upgraded to an S4, wanted the S5 but S5 too big if I want to put in my pocket. Very satisfied and am using at otterbox symmetry cover and using tempered glass for face this time."	1
Dropped it 1 time and it fucking shattered. 	0
dropped call and low battery indicator sound is one that makes me want to stomp this phone into a million pieces. usually had to charge twice a day. have to get a new pnone now because the charger port broke loose.  hate it.	0
"Dream G2 Sciphone lasted for two weeks, then one day, it would not boot, it starts then keeps reseting for ever.  Wifi was not working (when it was working) so I had to search and find the solution. There is no help you can find for this phone.  Only thing I know, I will never buy a phone from China, looks nice on the picture, has a list of so many things, but is not working.  Name of the phone should be: Dream U2 Model DNW (does not Work)"	0
"Dream G2 Sciphone lasted for two weeks, then one day, it would not boot, it starts then keeps reseting for ever.  Wifi was not working (when it was working) so I had to search and find the solution. There is no help you can find for this phone.  Only thing I know, I will never buy a phone from China, looks nice on the picture, has a list of so many things, but is not working.  Name of the phone should be: Dream U2 Model DNW (does not Work)"	0
"Dope delivery, awesome quality"	1
Don'tbuy this crappy shit. It doesn't work after a few days and the battery is bad. 	0
Don't work in US	0
"Don't waste your time with this phone. It looks great & that's all. Most of the time, lost signal, display tweaked-out, keys didn't work, the 911 button is in the worst spot, many times it magiclly called 911. Recess the button somewhere else.     If a Flip-phone is your bag, go to Motorola RAZR  V3 series &  V3i & beyond. Very reliable for the most part, not perfect but I've gone thru 3 in the many years now gone but you can get them refurbished, that show's it's reliability a decade after they were made!"	0
Don't waste your time with these people. They misinform you of the products they sale and then refuse to refund the item.	0
dont waste your time and especially your money there JUNK !!!!! these phones aren&apos;t worth the time of day ! Trust me they all have problems and who sell them are making money and they know they aren&apos;t worth a dime !	0
Don't waste your money. He don't respond at all I purchase one and never got a response or my money back	0
"Don't waste your money on this POS for a phone. THE Battery Drains Within 3-4 hours,it is slow and seems old school. "	0
Dont waste your money 	0
Don't waste your dollars on these older hotspots unless you know for certain you have a nearby 4G tower. (Not 4G LTE). I don't recommend relying on the T-Mobile coverage map either as it clearly showed 4G coverage required for this model where it did not in fact exsist. As T-Mobile moves towards 4G LTE many towers no longer support regular 4g because LTE technology is fiber-optic to the tower. The z64 could not even connect using 2g or 3g even when clearly within the T-Mobile defined coverage area even though it's backwards compatible due to the ongoing apparent abandonment of support for 2g and 3g by T-Mobile. It now looks like they have begun to phase out the older 4g as well. If you are in a major metropolitan area with lots of 4g towers this model may work until tose towers are individually phased out and replaced with fiber-optics to them.	0
Don't this piece s**** because a lots pop up advertising I didn't even download any app it brand new just turn on than later a lots pop up advertising stupid phone. That what I get piece a sh** . Don't buy this phone waste your money	0
dont shipping don t answer	0
"dont send the item. I come back my money    bad seller, no answer the questions    no recommended  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"	0
Don't sell a box and cellphone from Metropcs if it WILL NOT WORK on Metropcs. DUH!!!	0
"Dont look old, very happy  "	1
Don't like it at alk	0
Dont let the old neg ads trip you out. Quality phone!	1
DONT KNOW...SELLER KEEPS MONEY FOR A WHILE THEN CANCELS ORDER EVEN THO AD STILL UP STILL SHOWS AVAILABLE I THINK FRAUD	0
Dont know yet still trying to figure it out 	1
"Don't know if it was a good value, don't even know if it's working. It was a gift and I never heard fr who I gave to.."	0
Don't hope it will survive more than 2 years. This is poor quality material.	0
dont ever gonna buy anything from ebay 	0
Dont ever buy through amazing wireless. I wouldnt even take a free phone from them 	0
Don't ever buy nothing off of this lady you will not get your refund your get a used phone with phone numbers in it the phone has not been turned off she's set dirt in the bags I return the item a week and a half ago I still haven't received my refund of a hundred seventy seven dollars she was supposed to send me $150 back did not receive it used phones could not get it turned on because it was still turned on in their name and there was still phone numbers in it this lady is a piece of crap	0
"Don't by this phone, you will be buying a different one a week later."	0
don't buy. It does not work right.	0
"Don't buy,You Will lose your money,Never buy again. "	0
"Don't buy! I expected a new phone as claimed but what I got was, at best, refurbished!  It's obvious that the phone is used.  Even worse It didn't even work properly!  For the first hour or two It's ok but after that it kept hanging almost every 2 hours.  "	0
dont buy you wont find anyone to give you service on this phone we tried 4 different and non work.	0
Dont buy this phone. They are low priced for a reason. Went back to my old phone. Poor battery life. Slow. Froze up. Little memory. Annoying. 	0
"Don't buy this phone. It worked well for 90 days then it becomes unusable. It locks up and can't even be turned off. It ghost types if you try to send text messages. Don't even try to make a call or answer one. Click a contact to call and another contact randomly is called. Apps open randomly and you can't shut them down. Call Motorola for tech support and instead of them acknowledging that there is a problem they're aware of with the phone , No. This is what happens you spend a couple of hours on the phone deleting apps and wind-up loosing data. Then your left with a phone that is set to the phone defaults as it was when new. Then the tells you to send them the phone. Can anyone go without a phone for 4-6 weeks while Moto trust to make a repair. Your left basically with having to buy a new phone. If you google these problems you'll find  this is a problem the phone has had since it was introduced. It is a problem caused by 3rd party cheep Chinese hardware and bad Moto firmware. It's a Hacker's Dream. If it was possible I would rate the phone a negative 10 (-10)."	0
"Don't buy this phone!  Have had two of these, great phone when working.  Bought them for great functions. One touch screen stopped working after carrying in pocket during workout making phone unusable.  Second quit recognizing the sim card rendering phone unusable.  Still use for workout FM radio but, expensive but very functional radio disabled on most carrier provided phones."	0
Dont buy this is lying seller. Dont buy this is lying seller Dont buy this is lying seller	0
Don't buy phones to this guy it's screamer 	0
Dont buy its a no good no resolution in the screen 	0
Don't buy it . Do not even look at it! 	0
Dont buy is fake Samsung 99$	0
"DON'T BUY FROM THIS SELLER, THEY WILL OVER CHARGE YOU BY ""ACCIDENTALLY"" SENDING YOU A CHEAPER PRODUCT AND REFUSE TO RECTIFY THE SITUATION!!!   I recently bought an iPhone 5s 32GB from this seller but they sent me a 16GB instead. When I questioned them about this they claimed they had NO MORE 32GB phones left but they still have the iPhone 5s 32GB for sale. "	0
"Don't buy from this seller, the item is fake itemDon't buy from this seller, the item is fake. It's looks nice outside. but when you got it, the sounds suck, can't sign any email. I have to look for any other smartphone, i spent too much timebon this shit"	0
"Don't buy from this seller, or you will loose your time and money !! "	0
Dont buy from this guy you cant get a phone for this cheap	0
Don't buy from these people. Bad bad dishonest seller	0
dont buy anything from these seller...he is completely fraud.he had told me that phone is unlocked and now..i got phone in locked..condition ..please dont buy anything from these seller..worst seller.	0
Dont believe when it says like new the front speaker is messed up and theres a couple of dent on phone ive tried to contacf them and no response	0
Don't believe this guy's.	0
"DONT BELIEVE THE HYPE!!!    I&apos;ve had this phone since the second week it came out. I&apos;m on my third one already (ended up going through 4) because of all the problems it has. I&apos;ve done everything the manufacturer and T-Mobile has asked me to (upgrade to Gingerbread and full reset) and I&apos;m still experiencing all the same problems.    What problems am I referring to? The phone has a MAJOR known issue that most G2X owners experience and that is the fact that the phone completely shuts itself down (yes even with a full battery) sometimes it will reboot itself, but most of the time it does not. You may be on an important phone call such as a doctor or a business client and the thing will just shut off. Boot up is slow so to return a phone call that has dropped from a shutoff takes awhile.    The dual core processor and the 4G network drains the battery super fast, so if you own one it&apos;s best to turn on the function that runs the phone on 2G.    Another problem I&apos;ve experienced is the LCD freezes up if I&apos;m on an extensive phone call which makes multitasking impossible (especially conference calls) and the only way to end the phone call is for the other caller to hang up and then take the battery out and reboot the phone again.    The operating system has its own issues. Many of the preinstalled apps will &quot;Force Close&quot; and cannot be accessed at all until you again turn the phone off, take the battery out, and then reboot the phone again.    LG continues to insist they are working on these known issues, but the phone was released in MAY! Almost 6 months later and still not fixed? Shame on LG for releasing such garbage before these major bugs were fixed. T-Mobile refuses to give me a handset from a different manufacturer (except the Sidekick which I do not want) since it is a manufacturer issue. They all keep giving me the same response (the manufacturer is currently working on the known issues)"	0
Don't be fooled by the hype for smaller bezels and bigger screens. What really matters is the usability of the phone	1
Don't  buy this  please  	0
donde nos podemos poner de acuerdo y hablar mas sobre el telefono no ndas mucha informacio 	0
Don&apos;t like this phone not easy to use and don&apos;t pick up reception worth nothing!!!! Its terrible!!!!	0
Don&apos;t know if seller did not take care of product. Devise not a 32 gb. Phones powers down by itself.	0
"Don&apos;t ever buy anything from up here. I ordered this phone, paid for it and all, and never received it. Nor did I get my money back"	0
"Don&apos;t by this phone from eBay Member: brown_tailor!!! They sell me used phone with broken headphones, in new plastic case!!!"	0
Don&apos;t buy the smart phone from eBay I just used my phone one and Half month it&apos;s does&apos;t working already it&apos;s crazy unbelievable	0
"Don&apos;t buy a Sprint phone if you are expecting to unlock. I wanted to use this no-contract phone with tracfone pay-as-you-go, but was very disappointed that Sprint refuses to unlock any phone for national (USA). (They will unlock GSM for international). This would be fine if you already had a Sprint contract and just wanted to upgrade your phone."	0
Doesnt work wont go past google login information keeps asking for the person who had this phones google information very upset this phone doesnt work 	0
Doesnt work with T-Mobile SIM card. Needs to be unlocked. Wasted money	0
Doesn't work correctly. Asked the seller for a working return lable no response.	0
Doesn't work as good as my AT&T Microsoft Lumia 640xl	0
Doesnt turn on. Battery is apparently bad and there is no SIM card in it. ? Ive had it for a few weeks and not quite sure what to do with it?  	0
Doesn't play right. It is garbage. I was duped.	0
"Doesn't match with the description. The Phone is not new, have an scratch on the screen and scuffs. Don't Buy."	0
doesnt have a app store  has bad horrble battery the key board suck  the bar r very low the calling is horrbile plam shouldnt never made this phone    there nothing to do execpt surfing the web cant install no apps   boo treo 750 	0
doesn't check items property before shipping	0
Does what I bought it for and more.	1
"Does Not work with Straight talk! Even though it says it in the title  Description does not match product. Description states ..... Item specifics : ""Straight talk"" Product information: ""locked for straight talk"" Product key features network: ""Straight talk"".   Basically the reason I bought this phone is based on multiple misrepresentations in descriptions. If you buy from this seller please be advised that descriptions may be inaccurate."	0
Does not work with Egyptian sim 	0
Does not work with AT&T SIM Card	0
Does not work did not get the phone in picture. bought same phone from them before worked good until it fell out of case while driving tractor now it will only charge batteries. I will send it back and get one from someone else because I like the phone . The phone you sent me this time had scratches and wear marks all over it. The first looked like new.	0
Does not sell the product in working conditions	0
"does not perform as well as i expected, i am adding a 32 bit memory card, if it donesent do better i will get rid of it..."	0
"does not meet expectations, phone began to freeze after a couple days, had to keep rebooting or take out the battery, also takes a while to recognise sim cards. its impossible to use this phone comfortable i had to switch back to my old phone as operating this phone is terrible."	0
Does not hold a charge. Even difficult to get charger to work.  Service is spotty.  Quick delivery.  	0
Does not hold a charge for half a day. 	0
Does not function. Better to just spend 20 on a walmart phone	0
Does not fit my Samsung 6 edge. Way too big. 	0
Does not come with 512mb ram as advertised only has 256mb ram. Comes with so low of insufficient internal memory that it can't even update it's OS.	0
Does not come even close to the android phones on the market now. The dual screen is just a novel idea but completely useless.	0
Does exactly what I wan it to do.  Works great with Ford sync3 system.	1
Does everything those big phones do and fit's in the side pocket of my carpenter pants which is real important.   All of my friends meaning males are running around looking for their phones because they won't fit in their pockets. 	1
does all the things I use to do on my now drowned galaxy 6s but for 1/5th the cost.	1
Do yourself a favor...spend the extra 100 dollars and get a different phone. This phone is SO slow. It&apos;s glitchy. just overall an aweful phone.	0
"Do you love your 16GB Nokia 1520, but after downloading Windows 10, it doesn't have enough memory remaining for basic functionality?  Upgrade to the 32GB .. You'll be glad you did."	1
Do you have Russian language?	0
Do Not Waste your Money or Time It Freezes up and when it did unfreeze And Speaker Do Not Work . You can NOT Hear Anything. It's Junk	0
Do not waste your money on this tablet it is complete junk	0
"Do not waist your money on this particular product!!! It is not even 2G phone. It is Korean and works supper slow the internet.  What a waist of money.  I am sure it is because of the version being Korean.!!!Please don&apos;t waist your money!!! You will better off to buy it from our USA markets that they are comparable with our networks and will be 4 G as the phone is design for.  Thank you,"	0
"Do not use for T-Mobile USA. I had a tough time with phone calls and data. In most of my phone calls, the person calling me or the person I am calling cannot hear what I'm saying but I can hear them. Overall signal is very poor and start speed is slow. "	0
"Do not purchase, it is NOT a genuine S-Pen."	0
"Do not purchase items with too cheap prices on ebay, because most of them can be fakes.I paid for this item and i did not received it. Before you purchase an item on ebay, look about the seller history and feed back percentage."	0
Do not know to  much about it  when to call TracFone to activate it they told me I could not use this in my area.	0
Do not keep its charge. 	0
Do not hesitate to purchase from this vendor. Good quality products  	1
Do not by from this man it was a stollen iPhone with the iCloud locked 	0
do not buy your products are not good I bought a phone and it did not work I told him I was going to return and when he received it he did not return my money or the phone never answered me again a message is a very careful thief	0
"DO NOT BUY THIS!  The price is too good to be true but when I get this it felt like a plastic toy.  The screen was defective out of the box,  the cameras are terrible, slow and clunky, its an aweful aweful phone buy Blu phones I bought a Blu Studio Pro and works wonderful no issues with 3 cameras also for $60 "	0
Do not buy this phone despite the size of the storage the rom doesn't even allow you to install a single app on the phone this is minus 5 star review	0
do not buy this mobile phone because the seller much less..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................	0
do not buy from this sellr is a scammer	0
do NOT buy from this seller..he is mean and unethical..resorts to name calling and profanity.baddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd sellerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr	0
Do not buy from this seller. Got a phone and did not come with charger as described. Turned out the phone did not even work. I messaged seller he never responded. What a rip off and inconsiderate.  Should be ashamed to steal hard working people's money.	0
DO NOT BUY from this seller.  He has promise me on several occasions that he has sent my item.  He refused to sent me tracking number as proof of this shipment.    It is been over 3 months and still no product. My money is taken  and faith in ebay has been robbed. This guy should not and never be in business. He is a fraud and a liar.  eBay should not permit these types of scumbags!!	0
Do not buy from this seller.	0
"Do not buy from this seller!!! Samsung note 4. Refurbished,  not new as advertised. Will not update android operating system. Garbage phone. No seller reply. False advertiser !! Do not buy from these xxxxx's"	0
Do not buy from this seller you agree to pay with him and he does not send you the goods.	0
Do not buy from this seller I received the phone and it was locked from AT&T I had to send the phone back for full refund.	0
"DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY!!!! I ordered this Note 2 - within a few the front mic cover started ""floating"" around behind the screen. Didn't seem interfere with functions so I decided not to contact this seller. Now however the mic cover settled over the forward camera lens (can't take forward pictures now) AND by doing so, it CRACKED the screen!!!   Phone arrived while I was on vacation & neighbor got mail. Even after speaking directly with the company, they basically say-  ""too bad, you weren't home & got it within our 30 day guarantee period. We will not help you."" It was about 35 days at most! Man told me we ""used to"" have a ""Curiosity Policy"" for unusual situations like yours,  but that policy ended a year ago."" WHAT????  I asked to speak to a supervisor. Man said ""I'm the only one here, the owner is on VACATION"" (just like I was!!!!!! - when phone arrived in the mailbox! UMMMMM??!!??) Man added, ""and I don't know when she'll be back!""  I paid $184.99 for a phone to use only ONE month!?!   AGAIN, RUDE!!!!! DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY!!! "	0
Do NOT buy from seller PhoneStoreUSA. They are not new phones. They are bad knockoffs with fake accessories. I was sent two of them. Both fake. Beware. The screen bleeds and blurs when you touch it. The infrared light never turns off on the front of the phone. The phone has trouble turning on and turns off all the time. It didn't come with headphones. The battery is a knockoff. The charger is a knockoff and doesn't even look authentic. Everything about this phone is garbage. I returned it for a replacement. And the replacement had the same issues. Do not buy from phonestoreusa.	0
"DO NOT BUY FROM KINGSMAWIRELES0 THEY ARE A SHAM, PHONE IS NOT AS DESCRIBED. THEY ARE YOUR TYPICAL ARABS TRYING TO GET OVER ON PEOPLE! 1206 APOLLO RD ARLINGTON TX! THATS THE ADRESS AGAIN DO NOT BUY FROM THEM!"	0
DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS SELLER!! HE LIED ABOUT HIS PRODUCT AND WOULD NOT LET ME RETURN IT FOR A FULL REFUND -- VERY UNHAPPY!!! 	0
"Do not bid on 20 pcs iPhones, this is fraud ,Accounts get hacked and iPhones listed under someones account with high rating. Soonest you pay for ,they say it shipped, but will never arrive."	0
Divice was in a good shape and working fine. But wasn't unlocked. I had to paid $30.00 extra to unlock it. 	0
Dissapointed . Was expecting the same phone. Alcatel 3 but I is so much smaller then the one I originally had. Bloody useless. Screen size is sooo freaking small. Really really unhappy. Won't fit the cases I have sooooo small. For the price I paid in as 3xpecting the same phone. Didn't know they made midget phones	0
display work. s-pen works correctly. but all the colors are faded in relation to the original samsung.	0
"Dislike this seller, he tried to delay shipment many times, after that he sent the refurbished phone + used battery for me, different color but he described it like brand new, blue color...  I have to return the phone, lost money for his fooled business  Be cafefull with this seller"	0
"dislike loooks, quality and appearance and service parameters. it appears to be a cheap mass production phone from china. it compromises a lot of standards."	0
dislike it.item is fake sonyericsson.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------	0
Dislike it because on label said brand new but it was really already opened. nothing looked brand new about this phone. Phone is alright but booklet is torned and looked really old. have a feeling it is a fake phone. the booklet only has about 30 pages but in the content said more than 100 pages. I bought this because I liked the phone only. Not to mention the at home charger is broken. Only the car charger works. IF I wouldve known this phone was in an not good condition I would not buy it. Seller is overall very poor.	0
Discontinued Item No Longer Supported by Samsung	0
"Disappointed with this particular item they send me a product that do not work old battery ,what a ripe off never buy anything from this seller. "	0
"Disappointed in product, several apps continually crashing, mainly account apps. Slow processing"	0
Directions leave you wondering how to set up and run your new hone.  Ring Tone and Hearing Volume on tis phone is not loud enough to be heard by an older people with hearing problems.	0
digitalizer is no good. touch screen moves without touching the screen	0
"Difficult to use. Did not come with usual pre-installed ring tones or wall papers.  Words are too close together and hard to see.  Overall the phone is a piece of junk.  Samsung just made it look stylish to cover up all of the other flaws of the design.  But hey, I guess i can at least talk on it."	0
Difficult to set up.  Strange functionally.  Email doesn't work.	0
"Dies multiple times a day, sound quality is terrible, and won't charge. "	0
"Died after one month, battery don't charge any more. "	0
dido dido dido dido dido dido dido dido dido didodido dido dido dido dido dido i never had a chance dido never had a chance dido what can happen now it never worked ddo dido dido dido	0
Didn't receive phone	0
"Didnt like it, nothing would load,kept freezing.  Return was easy"	0
Didn't fit my phone 	0
didn't expect it phone is neeeew	1
Didn't come with a Sims card and the speaker on the phone didn't work. Tried contacting seller for a refund and they never replied back. 	0
didn't come with a sim card so we had to buy one. no matter what we do it goes to roaming 2 miles from home. talk to the carrier 6 times and did everything they said and still don't work right. going to transfer back to the old phone for now	0
Didn&apos;t receive this phone have a case open against the seller!!Think you have to get it before you can judge it!!	0
"Didn&apos;t really experience anything with it. I appreciate the seller for sending it in due time, but I just didn&apos;t like it, so I gave it to the welfare place."	0
"Didn&apos;t notice that it didn&apos;t have any camera. I&apos;m not able to download anything on it. It&apos;s only able to receive calls, make calls and receive text messages. If i wanted a simple phone i would&apos;ve bought it out of the dollar store. I&apos;m very disappointed with this purchase."	0
"Didn&apos;t not enjoy, advertising was false, stated barely could see usage with phone but that was false you could see the ware and tear."	0
"Did you know you could get one of these for just $5?    Simply go to www.freeiphoneforme.co.uk    Register and complete one easy offer    King.com is the best offer and its only $5 to complete.  There is also the Seattle Coffee offer which is also very good as its only a trial.    Its that simple    This has been recently featured in Mens Health (feb 09) and T3 gadget magazine as a great way to get a cheap or free gift , also featured on the bbc and cnn.    I have received an ipod nano, wii, wii fit and a tomtom so far and im hoping for much more.  Give it a try, you have nothing to lose    www.freeiphoneforme.co.uk"	1
"Did you know you could get one of these for $5?    Simply go to www.freeiphoneforme.co.uk    Register and complete one offer    The King.com is the best offer and its only $5 (and you might win)  There are some trials such as the Seattle Coffee trial and the Discover card offer.  Its that simple    If you do not see the model you want, select custom order and you can put in a request to the model you would like.    Recently featured in Mens Health (feb 09) and T3 gadget magazine as a great way to get a cheap or free gift , also featured on the bbc and cnn.    I have received an ipod nano a wii and a tomtom so far and im hoping for much more.  Give it a go    www.freeiphoneforme.co.uk"	1
Did what I wanted it for....saved me money....no problems activating.	1
"Did some digging in the reviews after a week that my order was still ""processing"" and found out the seller is not US based, they're actually located in Singapore and have a fake US warehouse were they promise to ship quickly but they actually ship out 3 months later, their eBay store promises quick shipping but they processed my small cleared order for a whole week.. this store sells faulty electrics,  and I got that info from their reviews, I had to annoy the seller for my refund and I ended buying the phone on Amazon which they shipped out 1 days after my cleared payment. Please read the seller reviews before you order because these ppl will scam you out of your money save yourself and don't buy "	0
did not work when i received it...seller had to send me a new battery...also IT DOES NOT come with quick charge...very poor value	0
"Did not work well, but did refund my money "	0
DID NOT WORK IS WAS LOCKED PHONE	0
Did not work even after I charged it for two whole days. I contacted the seller and they did not want to issue a refund.   In order to get their address to return the phone I had to formally issue a complaint.  I am very disappointed with the phone and the company.	0
"Did not work any more Alltel has quiet working. I bought this item because I thought it would work, but it don&apos;t no more."	0
"Did not work , got a refund . Item received was not the item pictured."	0
did not see any sim card	0
Did not recognize the SIM card so did not work	0
did not recieve my item.but recieved my money back witch took longer than i wanted.00000000000 00000000 kkkkkkkkk kkkkkkkkkkk kkkkkkkkkk kkkkkkkkkkk kkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.	0
Did not recieve merchandice.	0
Did not receive the product.  Thanks 	0
"Did not receive the item I bought, the seller did not return my e-mail.  I don&apos;t do any business with this party."	0
Did not receive the iPhone therefore I couldn't evaluate it.  Seller was dishonest!	0
"Did not receive the correct phone, returned it and had to pay for postage.  Seller reimbursed original cost of phone but did not reimburse postage for the return of the incorrect phone.  I will never buy on ebay again."	0
did not receive minutes or 1 year of service only phone.  Paid 149.99 for phone 	0
Did not receive item once I purchased the item it was unlisted from eBay..there is no way for me to get my money back or open a case because the item is no longer on eBay.	0
Did not receive it.	0
"Did not look at picturs enough. No camera, no picture texts. Surprised this thing can make calls. Would not suggest this phone. Used it for a couple days and got a Blackberry instead. Might work for your Grandma that just wants to call the kids from time to time."	0
Did not hear a great deal about this product. But i took the chance. It turned out to be a great product. It came in Super condition A1 .. Super fast delivery ... Android software makes this product the best. It is compact and easy to manage with small hands. only 3G but fine for my use.	1
Did not get a chance to see the phablet until this week. It was advertised as new and it was refurbished. The screen was scratched. The back camera is of a very low pixel cannot see anything through it. Carried it to T-Mobile and it cannot connect to the network. I'M VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH MY PURCHASE. Will not order on ebay again.	0
"Did not come with SIM card as promised. Could not register phone with the phone company because she would not take it off of her phone account even when she said she would. Turned out pretty useless, had to sell it and buy another phone instead. "	0
did no work in my country i have both cell in the box. no work for no one can use in my country because no have the band for comunication dont work. i like the cellphone but i can&apos;t use but the cellphone is realy good.	0
Device only works for minutes at a time Not worth the headache   	0
Device not Charging when on with the the that was provided. Did a Factory Reset. Still not charging. Says charging Slowly but doesn't go up. Have to turn the device off just to get slow charging. May have to return the phone . 	0
"Detailed Review: First, let me say that, for the price, you cannot compare this phone to other $300 budget phones. This phone has a much larger screen and a Stylus. The most comparable phone to this phone speed wise would probably be the Moto G6 for $250, but keep in mind the Moto G6 does not come with a Stylus, and has a smaller screen. "	1
"Despite some of the negative reviews I&apos;ve read, (after using the phone myself), it turns out that I like this phone. Alot of people have said the phone freezes up. Well yes, that did happen when I first received the phone, before activating it on my Sprint account. I contacted Sprint through Customer Support through live chat. While activating the phone I told the chat agent about the phone freezing up issue. She stated that she had reset my device from her end, asked me to power the phone off then back on again. And the issue was resolved. I have been enjoying the phone since that day with no other freezing issues. I have dropped it on a hard floor while shopping and that didn&apos;t harm it at all. It still works perfectly. And may I add that I bought this phone (used) here on eBay, and to say that it was used, it works as if it&apos;s brand new. You can&apos;t always go by what you read in reviews. Sometimes it&apos;s best to experience things for yourself. For anyone else having issues with their phone freezing, maybe Sprint can fix your issue like they did for me. It wouldn&apos;t hurt to give them a call before returning it.    Now as for the features: I don&apos;t like the fact that the phone does not have a file manager to view what&apos;s on the memory card. All other phones I&apos;ve owned all had that option. This is the first phone I&apos;ve had without it. I assumed all phones had it, but I guess I was wrong. Pictures, videos, music, ect are saved to the card. You only access the files through the apps, such as the music player, and the fun menu. I wouldn&apos;t recommend using the phones default browser because it is not full screen. It&apos;s best to use the Opera that is pre-installed on it. Call quality is great, mp3 files play very loud and clear. The touch screen is very responsive. The phone is user friendly. Another thing I wish were different is the phone&apos;s wallpaper. You only get to see it when you press the power/lock button briefly to check the time. It only displays for about 5 seconds. As much as I love downloading wallpapers it&apos;s a bit disappointing not to see it most of the time. You also see it when you receive a text but only lightly dimmed when the phone displays the option to view or dismiss the message. Other than lacking a file manager and the wallpaper, I really like this phone. And I&apos;ll most likely be using it until it&apos;s time for an upgrade on my account."	1
Description was very detailed and accurate. Phone is great condition. Customer service was excellent! Never had any issues! Box was undamaged! Very pleased overall; would definitely do business with them again!	1
Description was spot on .	1
"Description says in good working condition. Not true for this item. The screen does not work and when trying to receive calls, it doesn&apos;t answer them."	0
"Description says in good working condition. Not true for this item. The screen does not work and when trying to receive calls, it doesn&apos;t answer them."	0
Description said it's compatible with verizon and it's not. Waste of money. 	0
"description said 9/10, phone arrived scuffed on all sides and a small crack on the lower right corner on the front of the phone  "	0
"description of product was a lie and the seller claimed he accepted returns, but when I contacted him he said he did not accept returns claiming the product was in perfect conditions."	0
"description is conflicting. Says it can be activated but at the same time, says it cannot be activated."	0
Description Good! 	1
"depite of  is a 2013 phone. it still runs the app smoothly. good battery life . it can last 2 or 3 days with normal use. I have no complain about the screen resolucion and size (just fine, satisfied my needs). if wanna go on the budget I highly recommend this phone "	1
"Depending on how much you use your phone, if you use it all day like any other phone, the battery will be low.  But works as it should!  I couldn't download anything from the app store, so i cleared the search history, factory reset, and restart the phone a few times until I can download apps!  Cosmetically, the phone was excellent.  And it came with a charger!"	1
"Dent and scratches on back, fingerprint reader does not work. Good response from merchant to refund money or return for replacement but no offer for expedited or even return shipping. Very inconvenient and time consuming when trying to replace a phone quickly.  "	0
Delivery was early and the description was the exact product	1
Delivered promptly and everything was exact as promised. 	1
Deliver Time and quality of item on high level. Thank to seller.	1
Deliver fast and excelent product	1
"DEFINITELY worth the purchase!!!  The 6 Plus is the best of both worlds.  Yes, the size is larger!  That is what I was missing by not having a Samsung Galaxy (which is what I owned before going to the Iphone 5S), now, I have the amazing size, with the AWESOME Apple service.  I couldn&apos;t be happier.  BTW, my husband got the 6, it&apos;s a little smaller than the Plus, but the features are just the same, both are amazing phones and we feel the phone is a great value.  We sold our perfect condition Iphone 5S phones and put the profit from them toward this purchase!  Take care of your Iphones!  They keep their value and make purchasing the new Iphones a little more affordable!  As expected, the upgrades seem to only get better and better!  Very happy customer!"	1
"Definitely one of Motorola&apos;s best Smart Phones. Looks, feels and performs excellent. Great battery life as well. HD display and camera is fantastic."	1
"Definitely not worth the $200 I spent on this skuffed up piece of shit. And the pics on the listing was fake. Some of the pics shows a white phone & they also shows a newer condition phone, but they sent me a beat up phone. The frame of the phone is heavily worn out, the cases that came with it should be in the garbage, the screen appears to have some kind of hard glue stuck to the bottom of the screen. I'm sorry E-bay I have to say I am sticking with Amazon when it comes to online shopping. Never order from this guy ever"	0
"Definitely good buy, shipped fast and the phone is almost new."	1
"definitely an A+ seller, Fast shipping, good seller, would do business again, espcially buy iphone.."	1
Definitely a step up in performance from the 6	1
Defective and Bad service Malísimo 	0
Defective  phone never would work right big mistake tracome  gave  me a # that must have been turned in at the same they gave it to me lots of phone calls from a mad person	0
"Defected phone ,  doesnt work properly, when you return it. They cut off some money from your refund. I dont recommend buying from this seller"	0
Defeats the purpose since it is not compatible with my carrier. 	0
Decision to buy phone was the price very good price.  Unfortunatley the phone freezes alot I have to turn the phone off and then back on for phone to start functioning right and is not working proerly when texting the letter typed always inputs the incorect letter causing bad texts.  Item was described as NEW and is REFURBISHED and I could not buy insurance on phone at the local cricket store.  Now I have to purchase another phone because it is defective.  won&apos;t ever buy another phone from this seller.	0
DECIEVING. LEANTRADE2525 IS DECIEVING. STAY AWAY.	0
"Decided to upgrade from my iPhone 5c to something a bit bigger with more RAM, storage, and a better camera. It's very fast and smooth. Very user friendly once you hey used to it. It's the perfect size too, larger screen but not oversized and pretty comfortable for your hand. Definitely worth trying out if you're looking to upgrade."	1
"Deceptive advertising, seems like your buying a phone..not so!"	0
"Decepcionado, no tiene las funciones del n95 que compré, muchos defectos, su reproductor de música no cuenta con las opciones anteriores como editar títulos, repetir pistas o el modo aleatorio, aparte , tampoco tiene la opción de reproducir vía radio, que era lo más importante y la razón principal por la cual lo compré, y otra cosa, no me acepta SIM de ningún operador, la batería no dura, un desastre de teléfono, no pueden vender un producto, que , se sabe que es de segunda publicitando que funciona okey"	0
Decent quality ruggedized phone. Using with basic plan with major provider. Works great. Recommended	1
Decent fast shipping. The phone was in pretty excellent condition too except the S-pen was stuck inside and broken! What a waste of my time and money.	0
"Dear Sir,   I'm Tony from Diman Technology in China.  We are procuding and promoting our factory a new product: pet GPS tracking device.  It's a mini device and you can track your dog, cat etc., pets by GPS, AGPS, LBS 3 ways. For more details and quotation please feel free to contact me via Skype marymary20006 or write mail to tony at szdiman.c o m.  thanks!  BTW we are also producing handset KTV, 3 in 1 power bank and wifi smart net camera such new fast selling electronic products."	1
"Dear Sir,   I'm Tony from Diman Technology in China.  We are procuding and promoting our factory a new product: pet GPS tracking device.  It's a mini device and you can track your dog, cat etc., pets by GPS, AGPS, LBS 3 ways. For more details and quotation please feel free to contact me via Skype marymary20006 or write mail to tony at szdiman.c o m.  thanks!  BTW we are also producing handset KTV, 3 in 1 power bank and wifi smart net camera such new fast selling electronic products."	1
dear seller. your phone was wetted in water. you have deceived me. I ask to make full return for the rejected phone. if you pay transportation cost from my country costs $25 I will send you your rejected phone.	0
"Dear I bought it for my mother&apos;s birthday, they told me that this is an unlocked phone and it will be ok to use it in France. I send it to my parents there, and it doesn&apos;t work!!!! So disappointed.."	0
Dear good seller Thanks for phone we appreciated the deal.see you next time 	1
Dear friend: Welcome to visit our shop. b2binchina com We are a large foreign trade company in china! We sell electronic products! We accept paypal payments!	1
"DEAR EBAY,    THE SELLER DELAYS TO RESPOND MY MESSAGES.    THANK YOU!    BEST REGARDS,    DANIEL RAMIREZ  MEXICO CITY"	0
"DEAR EBAY,    THE SELLER DELAYS TO RESPOND MY MESSAGES.    THANK YOU!    BEST REGARDS,    DANIEL RAMIREZ  MEXICO CITY"	0
Dear eBay Shoppers be leery of this provider I purchase an unlocked Nubia phone took it to the carriers and it cannot be turned on I've sent several messages and get responses that if I take the phone and have it fixed that I will be reimbursed for the money I bought this phone with the understanding that it was brand new in the box unlocked generally when we unlock phones we would make sure that they work through at least one carrier at least I don't know what happened to the codes I was told that it might have the wrong firmware and I need to have it updated and pay money to get this phone usable please help me with this problem buyer beware of this seller	0
"Dead after 2 months. Dead completely. No dropped, no thrown, no swim in the water. I had in the past so many chaepest phones and none of them never stopped working in just after 2 months of use. :-("	0
"Dead after 2 months. Dead completely. No dropped, no thrown, no swim in the water. I had in the past so many chaepest phones and none of them never stopped working in just after 2 months of use. :-("	0
De verdad le he llamado y dado ofertas y todas las rechaza 	0
David Tami is a no pay on another auction I had.   Dead beat ebayer.    He's mad cuz I cancelled his sale.   	1
"Daughter loves her new iPhone and I got a good deal from vendor. No issues with the phone, A+++ Transaction."	1
data is only at 3g speeds on Tmobile network. my galaxy avant cost the same it gets speeds of 30mbs my wife's fierce 2 gete 2.5~4 mbs	0
Das Tattoo ist ein super Handy mit dem mann eigentlich alles machen wie beim i phone nur eben ein ganzes stück günstiger!!  Mann kann sich sein eigenes Cover erstellen und ganz leicht austauschen!  Ebene ein super Handy zu einem Akzeptablen Preis!	1
"Das Samsung SGH-E950 Handy ist ein optisch wie technisch einwandfreies Handy, dass ich wirklich nur weiter empfehlen kann.   Optisch besticht das SGH-E950 durch die chicke Optik, hevorgerufen durch das Metall auf der Vorder- und Rückseite. Positiver Nebeneffekt des optischen Clou: Das Handy ist dadurch äußerst stabil und vor Stößen, Kratzern etc. gut geschützt und lastet einem den Aufenthalt in Hosen-, Jacken- oder Handtasche nicht nach.  Das Display ist Samsung-Typisch hell und weist einen hohen Kontrast auf was der Farbwiedergabe zugute kommt. Die Verarbeitung ist echt gut, bedienerfreundlich und qualitativ hochwertig.   Das einzige Manko ist der etwas wackelige Slider. Die Funktionen die Samsung in dieses Handy gesteckt hat sind spitze. Mir hat nur das TV-Kabel gefehlt aber an sonsten nur Top!!! Habe das Gerät hier zu einem sehr günstigen Preis &quot;ergattern&quot; können, was meine Begeisterung noch steigert! Ich kann das Handy aber auf jedem Fall 100%ig weiterempfehlen und bin absolut zufrieden."	1
"das ist schon das zweite galaxy round , und für sein serienalter ist es immer noch ein super Telefon von der bedienbarkeit , vom design und bei uns in österreich gibt es fast kein Galaxy round ,also ist es auch exklusiv  "	1
"Das ist das Handy was ich mir immer schon gewünscht habe,aber für mich zu teuer war. Das Handy kann einfach alles was ich brauche."	1
"das Handy ist vom Preis/Leistungsverhältnis einmalig, Verarbeitung sieht sehr edel aus, nicht biegsam (Metallchassis), Silikonhülle im Lieferumfang, alle Apps arbeiten bei mir sehr schnell.. Habe das Handy seit 1 Woche, bisher nur ein Nachteil gefunden; Klingellautstärke für Anrufe und Benachrichtigungen lassen sich nicht getrennt einstellen. Ich suche aber weiter, vielleicht finde ich doch noch eine Möglichkeit, kann ansonsten damit leben."	1
"Das Handy gefällt mir durch die Form,hatte schon ein gleiches Handy fiel allerdings beim angeln ins Wasser,ich würde mich wieder für dieses Handy entscheiden,ist schön,und Funktionell.Bisher mein bestes Handy."	1
"Da ich ein neues Handy brauchte ,habe ich mir eines bei ebay angesehen und auch dafür entschieden. Super Handy,ist alles in Ordnung"	1
D phone doesn't even work	0
"crap the truth, the hard touch, after a month of use and I am in marking tildo screen. I can not get parts. regretted buying"	0
Cracked screen was in the description but it the phone would not even come on when I received it.  I charged it and it still would not light up. Be aware. I have lost $70.00 plus shipping.  By the way this seller does not accept returns. 	0
"Couples of days back i won bid on this item, and i piad in full for this item but seller never shipped the item. This is total fraud. Please stay away from this seller and do not buy his products. Once won the bid, seller contacted me and was trying to get some extra money out of me.   This listing and this seller is total.fraud and scam. For your own safety do not do business with this seller.  Terrible experience!"	0
Counterfeit for sure 	0
Could't it wasn't new! Very happy.	1
couldn't get phone to work with T-Mobile but thankfully money was refunded	0
Couldn't even get it to work for many apps like Spotify and LinkedIn. Very disappointed. Will never buy a Blackberry again. 	0
Couldn't be more happier with my purchase... Great communication... very fast shipping... definitely recommend this seller.!!!	1
"Couldn&apos;t be happier with this phone, for just a phone and not a toy.Simple and works great compared to the crap they try to sell you at T Mobile."	1
COULD NOT USE PER: THE PROVIDER. WAS RETURNED FOR A CREDIT. 	0
could not use it	0
Could not update past ice cream sandwich. obsolete. useless phone. gave to my 8 yr old son to play games & he even complains about capability.I could not even activate. . must have misunderstood.	0
could not set up.	0
"Could not get the phone to activate, had to return for refund, also seller to hard to contact, I try resolving this issue with seller, I could only get his voice mail.  The seller was bad about returning calls, so I had no choice but to request a refund.  I had since found another seller, bought the same phone at a cheaper price."	0
Could not get it activated. 	0
"could not be happier with this phone, wish i could have got it from sprint for cheaper but... i could not upgrade yet and my phone broke, i wasnt going to pay $100 to replace a phone i hated with insurance so, i bought this one. this seller is awesome, and the product is amazing."	1
Could not be happier the phone works great long battery life . This phone looks absolutely great great condition.                                                                Thank you  	1
Could not activate this phone due to Walmart not scanning the activation code on the phone when Walmart sold the phone to Phoenix Liquidation.  This made the phone unusable as anything other than a paper weight.	0
"Could not activate phone. Called Net 10 customer service to turn phone on. They were unable to activate the phone because where it was purchased (prior to me), net 10 said it should have been activated.   So right now it seems that I have a brick. If anyone can help me or has advice please let me know."	0
"Could improve the service.    If simple things like communication , mentioning mobile numbers, Giving correct value for customs declaration &amp;  correct shipping charges are corrected it would be good for end customer. However the item was as it was described i appreciate for that."	0
"Costing half as much as the Pixel and Pixel 2, the Nexus 5x does everything well in working as a Project Fi phone.  So sorry that they've discontinued it as a Google offering, for I prefer its smaller size and weight to the others.  I've read about an inadequate battery life, but have not found it son, in getting a full day's use, (yes, lighter usage than most people might do,) from a single hour and a half to two hour charge.  In all, it's been great."	1
corrected a problem very fast! and was verry happy with the item that i had recieved. shipping was good! verry satisfied with the dealer! would recomend buying off him thanks alot!	1
correct copying quiet fast	1
cool phone. Thanks you  	1
"cool phone! it was a gift for my mom. she loves it! it&apos;s very slim and light, fits into the back pocket. sleek form, really nice screen and also bought some accesories for it and it makes it look better. totally love it. aslkdjfasldkjfasdlfkjas;dfkjasd;lfkjas;ldkfjas;ldkfajsdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdf"	1
cool design comfortable and stylish good menu of many functions RECOMMEND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Continues to drop calls when moving... or will not dial out .. I have to continually reset the phone and then it will out dial to certain numbers.  Not too happy with this phone	0
"Contacted the seller before purchasing to confirm the phone is good, purchased the phone and without even contacting me why or beforehand he cancels the phone he listed to sell and then re-listed it.. wasted my time and had no communication. Process the refund asap. Annoying seller.. disappointed"	0
Contact them before purchase and they said the product will work with any gsm carrier. But false. No network bar. Bad service. 	0
Contact seller after discovering item was damaged after opened contacted the seller before 30 days didn't open it on day of arrival because saved it for daughter's birthday once she opened it we discovered it was damaged that's when I contacted the seller   	0
"Connectivity problems, stains on the screen, the wireless charge does not work, extremely long direct charge time, very poor in applications ... Very bad experience with this phone. But it has an excellent camera, an excellent battery, a good performance of hardware, and the excellent online services of Microsof. However: the Nokia 1520 does not recommend. /// (Problemas de conectividad, manchas en la pantalla, la carga inalámbrica no funciona, tiempo de carga directa extremadamente largo, muy pobre en aplicaciones... Muy mala experiencia con este teléfono. Pero tiene una excelente cámara, Una buena bateria, un buen rendimiento de hardware, y los excelentes servicios en línea, de Microsof. Sin embargo: el Nokia 1520 no lo recomiendo)."	0
connected it and it wouldn't work. updated the phone to the latest ios software because i read reviews that sometimes screen won't work because of the outdated software but still didn't work. at this point don't know if there was any additional damage on the phone or the screen just doesn't work computer picked up the phone every time i connected it but the screen no matter what did not work. 	0
conditionis works fine only that battery doesn't last:(	1
Condition of product is great!	1
Condition as promised and works just fine!  Glad I purchased this!	1
"compre uno , me salio danado , yame al vendedor y sin preguntas ninguna me envio otro , envio rap[ido, exelente vendedor lo recomiendo 100%"	1
"Compre un teléfono y llego dañado y el vendedor no acepto respirar sábila dado al respecto ,por  tal  motivo  fui engañado,"	0
Compre un celular la empresa es responsable de eso no tengo duda son atento se comunican con el cliente eso excelente pero el producto es de muy mala calidad estoy muy arrepentido nuevo tuve que mandarle hacer reparaciones por que es un celular y quedo bien unos días y ahora sigue con muchos problemas y nuevo estoy decepcionado de haber comprado este celular 	0
Compre este teléfono y me estafaron porque no sirve para nada. Por estafa cómo está es que uno se desencanta de comprar por internet.	0
"Compre este producto para Cuba, funciona muy bien alla, lo recomiendo."	1
"Compré este artículo y estaba defectuoso, me dijeron que me iban a devolver el dinero pero cuando lo envié ni me devolvieron el artículo ni el dinero. ESTAFA  I bought this item and it was defective, they told me they were going to give me back the money but when I sent it they did not return the item or the money. FRAUD "	0
"Compré este artículo y estaba defectuoso, me dijeron que me iban a devolver el dinero pero cuando lo envié ni me devolvieron el artículo ni el dinero. ESTAFA  I bought this item and it was defective, they told me they were going to give me back the money but when I sent it they did not return the item or the money. FRAUD "	0
"Compré este artículo y estaba defectuoso, me dijeron que me iban a devolver el dinero pero cuando lo envié ni me devolvieron el artículo ni el dinero. ESTAFA  I bought this item and it was defective, they told me they were going to give me back the money but when I sent it they did not return the item or the money. FRAUD "	0
"Compre el cellular porque me parecio buen precio y me ofrecia lo que mi esposa nesecitaba PERO... luego de usarlo me di con la SORPRESA de q el boton externo de la camara NO FUNCIONA,!!! error de mi parte no poder revisar el equipo de cellular completamente, No Darme cuenta de este detalle al final resulto ser un mal regalo para mi esposa!!, ojala almenos Ebay pueda acreditar en algo, la mala compra que hice para mi esposa Garcias!!  NO RECOMIENDO LA COMPRA DE ESTE CELLULAR, GRACIAS. JESUS SANCHEZ"	0
Compre 4 teléfonos y me salieron con defecto ya que calientan  muchísimo  lástima porque perdí mi ganancia no comprar este celular  	0
Compre 3 teléfonos y enviaron 2 bien y uno de menor calidad y usado 	0
completely useless	0
Completely satisfied with your purchase. Price is very good. Sent in 10 days. Thank you for your cooperation with Russia.	1
Company canceled order.	0
Compacts phone with new-ish specs.	1
"communicated with the seller before buying ,it is claimed that the new phone ! The phone ended up with scratches and damaged packaging ! As you believe the ratings the seller now ???? So much time to wait to get a phone in this condition , poor attitude towards customers!!! The seller sent a different phone ,asked on 1sim , sent on 2("	0
CommentsThis was supposed to be a Virgin Mobile CUSTOM phone but it s not. The service for this phone is by some OLD company called ZACT. I had to do research and find out about them online. They went out of business in 2014 and the phone CAN T BE ACTIVATED! I need a refund for this phone and paid shipping to send it back.	0
"Come on now, price is ridiculous "	0
"Color erróneo, modelo erroneo, el dueño anterior dejo todos sus datos en el telefono, se calienta mucho."	0
Clock freeses some time	0
client didnot do anything in regards to his phone over heating. battery dying very quickly. do not buy from this seller. didn&apos;t even offer to send back defect phone.....looser...	0
"Clearly not the original phone so trying to resolve the problems has been difficult.The buttons constantly lock, or worse just will not work, no matter how hard or how many times you hit the same button. Restarting it does nothing. Battery life is less then 24 hours. The phone is set to English but a number of things are either in Spanish or French. Was hoping for a durable simple oldschool phone (the one I had in my highschool years) but this has been more of a hassle and waste of money. went back to using my other phone."	0
"Clean device, screen time eats battery quite fast but decent otherwise"	1
Classic Phone Great features for the time. Excellent battery Life. Gets great siginal. Nokia use to make phones like this they don&apos;t anymore. If only phones were durable as they tbey use to be.	1
Claimed there was a mistake and they didnt have it in stock. 	0
Checked yes on battery life but really don't know as we have only used it for a few days.  Everything else seems to be great.	1
Checked IMEI and reported as stolen...	0
Cheaters. Blocked sell phone	0
Cheap phone dont buy this phone not what it looks like in the picture 	0
Cheap is cheap Crap	0
Charging port wont hold charger in securely and it won't pick up the GPS signal. 	0
Charging port not good. Poor battery life	0
Charging $740 for an iPhone 6s - o bet there is tax and shipping from these fahkers too	0
Charger sucks phone speaker doesn't work	0
Charger port was broken when I received the product. He did offer to exchange it but due to the hours I work it was difficult to send it back. He got with eBay to cancel the return. I will not order anything from this person again.	0
Charger does not work	0
Charged for 48 hours as requested by seller. Cell would not power on at all. Only would light up with LG logo when plugged in to electrical outlet but thats all. Still waiting for the replacement...	0
"Charge port was starting to go bad. Seller clearly did not check this before selling. Agreed to return but all in all,  huge waste of time. Would not use this seller again. "	0
"Cellular sold as new but previous owner still owed balance, of course after 5 weeks no service on phone because of balance owed from previous owner. Now seller threatens that bad luck is coming to me, he wanted personal info to unlock cellphone. "	0
Cellphones not working not read sim card !!	0
Cellphone turned on worked for a day then blocked and started talking in different languages. Went to T-Mobile said phone was locked & was unable to use. 	0
Cellphone looks great 	1
cellphone is great&apos;&apos;&apos;&apos;&apos;&apos;/&apos;/&apos;/&apos;;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;&apos;;&apos;&apos;&apos;p&apos;p&apos;p&apos;&apos;.&apos;.&apos;&apos;&apos;&apos;&apos;&apos;&apos;&apos;&apos;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;;;&apos;;;;;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;;;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;&apos;;;&apos;;&apos;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;;;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;;&apos;thank u	1
Cell screen has image burned in had to replace speaker & screen.. battery last about 5 hours when doing normal music listening & txt/making calls.  Overall function decent.	0
Cell Phonso has been returned to the seller since last week Monday confirmed received I am waiting for my refund please. Thanks 	0
"Cell phone isn&apos;t able to connect with any carrier as it&apos;s not a digital phone anymore. Wish I would have known this, I wouldn&apos;t have purchased this phone as I was looking for an actual working phone since I wanted to use it. I was able to locate another StarTAC that was digital and not using."	0
"cell brought the load pin damaged, so I had to pay 10 dollars to a technician for repair, cell brought the load pin damaged, so I had to pay 10 dollars to a technician for repair"	0
"Ce n'ai  pas normal que chez ebay il existe des voleurs de note d'enchère,  sait moi qui est remporté cet enchère et vous vous permettez de me voleur vous êtes un assassin d'enchères et sait très graves. "	0
"Caution from this item, this phone is renewed and sold as a new, stopped working after a week."	0
Cause this item is a good item	1
"Case was to be delivered on 6/27, 3 days after still nothing, I contacted seller, sends me message hoping I enjoy my case.  Stay away from seller"	0
case is just what  I ordered  fits well on my new Samsung j7 phone.  great material 	1
"Case is in good shape.  I am unable to use some of the features-Facebook. Internet, as I cannot remove the previous persons email information. I am very unhappy as the screen has 6 blobs of black that are spread  throughout and make it difficult to read.  Also battery that came with was not a working battery."	0
Case arrived very quickly and is perfect. Thanks for everything you guys are the best!	1
"Carrier wasnt straight talk its Walmart family mobile , cant rebrand it because of past account holder info "	0
"care products are not as shown in pictures are not authentic , cell selling this page gift Chinese and bad. stole my not stop stealing. "	0
"Capture and view the world in stunning HDR with the Xperia XZ2 64GB Smartphone from Sony. The XZ2 features a 5.7"" 18:9 Full HD+ display that supports High Dynamic Range (HDR) content, so you can enjoy entertainment with increased contrast, color, and clarity. Sony's X-Reality technology even upconverts your standard content to near-HDR quality, for optimal viewing on the XZ2.  The XZ2 not only displays HDR content, but it gives you the tools to make your own. With the rear 19MP Motion Eye camera, you can take stunning 4K HDR movies, and snap hi-res HDR photos. Motion Eye can slow down the action for fun and dramatic super slow-motion movies, at 960 fps in HD or Full HD resolutions. It can also shoot in standard 120 fps slow-motion, with the option to easily switch between the two.  There is also a 5MP front-facing camera for all your selfie and video chatting needs. Both cameras support Sony's SteadyShot 5-axis image stabilization, and low-light support with a memory-stacked image sensor to make you, and everything around you, look its best.  Running the Android 8.0 Oreo operating system, this phone is powered by a 1.7/2.7 GHz Octa-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 processor (4 x 2.7 GHz Kryo 385 Gold, 4 x 1.7 GHz Kryo 385 Silver) and 4GB of RAM. You can store your 4K HDR videos, pict"	1
Can't use the phone with T-Mobile since it is locked for use by Consumer Cellular.  When I bought it I failed to notice it was locked.  Not the seller's fault.  Buyer beware.	0
Can't use the phone because most carriers in Canada don't use GSM anymore. Wish I knew this before I got the phone.	0
Cant use the camera as black spots appear on the photos all of the time. 	0
cant take any pictures with it   and the battery does not last long other than that its great	0
"CANT PUT IT IN YOUR POCKET WILL DIAL LAST NUMBER YOU DIALED VERY SENSITIVE TO TOUCH,SOMETIMES IT WONT COMPLETE CALLS"	0
Can't keep this thing on wi-fi.  It drops off constantly and i blew thru my data plan in one week since it wants to switch to that. [I have had this plan for 19 months on a Samsung. No one will take responsibility for this piece of junk.  DO NOT BUY LG PHONES - PIECE OF GARBAGE.  I will go looking for another samsung.	0
Can't hear who I'm talking to even with the caller volume turn up to max. I bought a pos. I'm sure the seller knew this but they didn't put it in the description. 	0
Can't get the phone to work. Put in my sim card it won't work. Please help me to get it to work. Is it unlocked for sure.	0
"cant get anything for this phone in the way of apps, themes, or ringtones. I will never by one again the only good thing is that it gets better signal then newer models."	0
Cant figure out how to get it setup cant call anyone for help either 	0
Can't download any content from Google Play 	0
"Can't do anything i like to see like watching Hulu, Netflix, crackle will not load, can't get the music app i want alarm clock suck sounds very very very low. "	0
Can't connect to my phone 	0
Can't beat the price on this especially with these features.  All you need to do is put your current SIM card in and it works on any GSM carrier.	1
cant beat old faithful ! some of us just get attached to things so we like to replace with same equipment whether old or new !!	1
Can't be activated through phone company! Waste of money! 	0
Can't afford the new Samsung's but this has great value and is still supported with updates from Verizon	1
cannot write a review on something i have not recieved yet. The phone has not been mailed off yet. The computer says it has but it wont show me any tracking date	0
Cannot use at all.seller should just say it is broken but he did not.my bad. i just need a phone and have to get another one.this phone is gone to my trash bin	0
"Cannot make it work. Took it to Verizon and they cannot make it work. It asks for language selection and the gets stuck in a loop where it juast repeats, choose a language.  I bought the phone for my son who lives in Nevada. I live in California, so I have not dealt with requesting an exchange. Help!!!  Larry "	0
"Cannot go by the actual phone, as it never worked. I returned the phone, but sadly, the seller only refunded half my money. total hoax."	0
"Cannot complain about this phone. Fast, durable, quality and easy to use. I would recommend this phone to anyone, nothing to complain about. "	1
"Canera is defective, red and orange colors come out yellow. I would have returned it to sender if i had time."	0
"Cancelled buy becuase it didn&apos;t work out between seller and buyer becuase of an emergency the seller had. But the seller was a fast responder, and able to work with me to get me the item!! Amazing seller!!!"	1
Canceled the transaction 	0
Canceled the order but never received a refund	0
CANCELED MY ORDER AFTER I WON BID!!  SHOULDNT BE ALLOWED ON EBAY AUCTIONS!!	0
Cancel the order directly without any reasonBeware of this bad seller	0
Can&apos;t really rate the phone because I am with Cingular/AT&amp;T.  This phone does not work on their ferq. band 850.  May work with other phone companys or in Aisa or Europe or somewhere.  I just made a big mistake.  I&apos;ll be buying my phones in person from now on.	0
can you send my more photos of your mobile i'll buy it . just send me more photos 	0
Can not use it the microphones dont work 	0
Can not test if the phone works because no battery included.  Now waiting for battery from a different vendor (on Amazon)   Hopefully this phone will prove to work after I get the battery.	0
can not send or recive pictures .does not work in weak signal aeras.	0
"Can not rate as of yet, waiting for replacement smart phone. My message is saying refund, I do not want a refund, I would prefer a replacement please."	0
can not hear out of the phone. but looks good drops calls and no house charger seller was a little slow in sending me the phone	0
Can not download but one app!!! Memory sucks if they had said it doesn't have but 8gb i would have never bought it!!	0
"Can Not be beat,Brand new ,truly unlocked excellent signal(I.m on a island 30 miles from the nearest tower.Don&apos;t hessitate to buy from this ebayer!+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++"	1
Can i get my refund  	0
can i cancel i dont want it my 8 year old son was messin on my ebay plz can i cancel	0
Can accept sd card. Wont let you move apps onto it. Sharp never updated the firmware or just doesn't care. Phone cant be rooted. Real brick. Only 4 gigs internal space goes fast when the only thing the sd card can do is hold pics and video.  Beautiful screen. Had so much potential. Could have been great. Isnt. Got it for my wife and she loved it for the first week and hated it ever after. Boost now offers the Samsung J7 and it is far superior.	0
"Camera,  great phone"	1
"Camera works great. Phone works great. Videos won&apos;t send through text messages and battery life isn&apos;t very long, only dislikes."	1
"camera light, sim tray doesn't work"	0
Camera is bullshit and also the writing dashboard	0
Came with enough in-package start up info that I was able to get the phone set up without needing to go online to find the thoroughly detailed manual.  came with what was needed to get started.  Long-time Tracfone user.  	1
Came with an Otter Box case mint(thought it was new) and the phone doesn't have a scratch. Out of all the buys I've done on eBay definitely top notch all around. The extara batteries were a plus. Definitely a huge value purchase. Thanks a lot. 	1
"came very fast,,, good sellers"	1
Came very fast!!	1
"Came to this phone pretty quickly However, after I opened it turned out that the button on the center is erased so also a big scratch on the screen while putting one star reviews then it will be seen what the seller will say......"	0
Came quickly and well packaged! 	1
Came quick.works fantastically. Like factory fresh no scratches or blemishes. Will buy from them again.	1
"came on time, condition was great"	1
Came new with screen protector.  Love it !	1
"Came just as in the description! ! Very good price, and came early!!! My husband was very happy!!! Thanks   "	1
came in with a small scratch located in the middle	0
"Came in quick, nothing at wrong with it, they said it would be scuffed and scratched but it has literally one small scratch, other than that its perfect and ill never own another iphone."	1
"Came in perfect condition, solid battery life, no complaints."	1
"Came home to my phone today, came very fast. Despite my never ending questions and concerns- the seller stayed calm, replied quickly and friendly. Phone came just as described, and is already set up with my number. Definitely recommend this seller!!"	1
"Came faster then scheduled delivery time, does exactly what it says with the stand, looks and feels good"	1
Came fast and as expected. Thanks!	1
"Came fast &amp; great condition! Needed a phone, and it did the job. Thanks! Small and Convenient, great apps and camera. Over all a great phone and fast shipping!!"	1
Came early. No visible cosmetic wear. Battery life appears good. Everything works. Just put my metro sim in and all was fine. Would purchase from again!	1
Came at a great price and I was not sure if I would like using a BlackBerry but this gave me the opportunity to try it out before investing in a new one.	1
Came as described and arrived in two days which was perfect for me.	1
Came 3 days early and in almost perfect condition. Thanks	1
Cámara no funciona 	0
"Calls go directly to voicemail.  Screen turns purple periodically. Functions operate very slowly. I can&apos;t use my home key. I have to use my &quot;back&quot; button to back completely out of all of the apps in order to get back to the home screen. All of my contacts don&apos;t show up. AND to top it off, I received NO RESPONSE FROM THE SELLER when I made a contact attempt! This smartphone is not so smart."	0
Call volume is extremely low. I have to use speaker phone just to be able to hear the person. 	0
"C&apos;est compliqué pour moi puisque je suis en conflit bavec le vendeur!  Je vous explique brievement, j&apos;ai donc acheté le téléphone et en l&apos;espace de 3 mois il est tombé en panne 2 fois et depuis le vendeur fait le mort......."	0
"Buying this phone was the worst mistake I have ever made.. The seller described the phone wrong, it arrived damaged, then after trying to return the phone 3 times because the seller purposely returned it 2 times, we are now out $75 for shipping costs for a phone we didnt really want.. and now the seller is trying to make me feel bad about returning the phone.."	0
"Buyers beware! The phone I purchased does not have a clean IMEI. According to T-Mobil, there is $485.00 balance due on the phone and I was told that I was responsible for the payment to T-Mobil. I was told if I don't start paying for it,  phone will be blocked within 2 months. I recommend you all check on the IMEI to make sure there is no balance on it."	0
Buyera be aware! This is a 100% fake Samsung Galaxy S10+. Don't make the same mistake I made	0
"Buyer warning: HuaweiUSA doesn't honor the warranty from ebay newegg, they claimed that only buy directly from newegg is considered a retail store. I am still ""fighting""..."	0
Buyer unwilling to help you make sure you can use it. Doesnt care if its useless to you. Find a better seller that doesnt want to waste your time and money.	0
"BUYER BEWARE:  SELLER DOES NOT ACCEPT RETURNS I loved my GS III, a few years ago, but dropped it in a can of paint, ruining is charging port, so decided to buy one on E Bay.  It was brand new, in a box that had never been opened, so I thought it would be a great deal. However, it updates at least 3 times a day, via the ""Essentials"" program, and wipes out the wallpaper I keep downloading, and also puts all the widgets that I didn't want back onto my home screen, and deletes the widgets that I had personally placed on the home screen.  After 5 days, the screen froze, making it impossible to reach the home screen at all.  I think the GS III has become  dinosaur.  If you buy a new GS III, it's too far behind the curve to properly receive all of the updates that happened since the time GS III was originally put on the market.  I'm not a techie, but I know enough to tell you that the phone stopped working, completely.  When you can't get to the home screen, the phone is useless.    That was a waste of $100, plus $15 shipping.  I also ordered 4 cases for it, from China, that I wil now have to return.  THIS SELLER DOES NOT ACCEPT RETURNS.   "	0
"Buyer beware. Yes, it does have an Android operating system. No, you can not download any apps. Email is locked to the local carrier. Not a great option for use in North America. It was unlocked and had to translate the Japanese to change the menus to English. About 30% remains in Japanese even with language set to English. Seller was amazing and phone was otherwise exactly as described. Just very overpriced for what amounts to (in North America) a very basic flip phone."	0
Buyer beware. This items is illegal to sell and ship in the USA	0
"Buyer Beware.  This has been the most inadequate, frustrating phone I have ever used.  I bought 2 phones, new, and one came with a dead battery (AT&amp;T phones).  When put into use, it had the same, aggravating faults.  The model has very poor range, mostly not picking up calls, or just dropping them.  The programs are far from user friendly, typically not completing tasks, or requiring 2 or 3 attempts. It is amazing that  Samsung would allow such a poor model to stay on the market."	0
"Buyer beware! There is a known microphone issue with this phone. Mine was bad out here of the box, but most fail 3-6-12 months after purchasing. The microphone only fails to work when making a standard call. Speakerphone calls work perfectly. The sad thing is that it took me a week to realize the issue because I make most calls using the speakerphone. I thought the couple of calls that could not hear me were caller related and not me...nope it was my fault.  I will recommend this phone as a GREAT 6 tablet. "	0
"BUYER BEWARE OF SELLER  Listing for FEDEX super saver shipping with confirned 3-5 business day delivery.  Seller printed shipping label for USPS to register/process transaction however never delivered it to the post office.  Two weeks later, no product, still no delivery to the post office despite Seller's response that the post office lost the package.  After research, no US Seller, no package.  Canceled sale immediately after shannanigans but kept track anyway as it still reflects on my ebay history as canceling a transaction.  Similar to the nightmare of having my account hacked by French ebayers and being left with a false transaction history.  Another story, another time.   "	0
"---------------------------------BUYER BEWARE -------------------- -------------    I got this phone for my birthday from my boyfriend last March. I have not even had the phone a year yet and I have major issues with it. Two months after I got the phone it started locking up, I would have to take the battery out and put it back and restart the phone. Then about 3 months ago my phone started with a new problem - incoming calls would not register, I would check my phone and it would say I had a voicemail but no missed calls. I can not upgrade my software properly and two weeks ago I started having problem with callers not being able to hear me.     All of these problems are typical of HTC phones. It usually take a year before the phone starts freezing and the microphone goes out but in some case (such as mine) it happens in 8 months. BUYER BEWARE once you have had the phone for 6 months HTC will not fix it. A repair ship tried to charge me $100 to fix the microphone alone."	0
Buyer  beware. I bought this phone after reading the description believing it had voice recognition. After realizing it didn't I asked for RA they sent me a label and I sent the phone back not noting tracking #. They claimed they never received the phone I received no refund. 	0
"Buy this product to save some money and that said was used but in good condition.  Because he left the country and in good faith given the evaluation as positive, forfeiting subsequent claim.  To my surprise the wine product damaged, had been wet. And finally, after paying reparations could not be repaired. The battery was generic and was damaged too.  Very bad experience, was a hoax, not back to buy items used.  I hope to establish a system to eradicate this.    Krip10"	0
Buy this phone for my sister and she seems very happy. It is very easy to use and has given no problem. I recomend it	1
Buy this phone for a loved one who don't take care of things	1
buy it via eBay 	1
Buy Iphone paid for it never sent on no replied questions open case against this seller no answer either. Save yourself a headache and don't buy from this seller	0
Buy a htc one M8 and they sent me a Htc one I was cheated	0
"buttons werent  working , didnt store some text."	0
Buttons are broken including the enter button how tf am i supposed to text man thats why i bought it. Waiste of money now i gotta buy another. Items wasnt as described wasted 70 bucks.	0
but the battery life is terrible (had to charge it every 4 or 5 hours) and if the battery drops below 30% the phone experiences phantom touches that make it unusable. 	0
BUt i tgot lost i the mail. SO I don't know much about it.	0
"Businessman phone. Love the Scanwritr Pro app, which turns photos into high quality editable pdf documents."	1
"bullshit.. no charger included, cannot use. junk will never buy from this person again. Poor communication. overall bad seller"	0
BULLSHIT PRODUCT DOES NOT EVEN WORK  FOR WHAT IS SAID IT WORKED FOR.                                                             !	0
"Buenos dias,  lamento decirles otra vez que mi producto nunca llego, llego solamente una caja vacia, obviamente reclame al correo, solo me entregaron lo que ustedes enviaron, el tal sami809 me dijo que seguirian el caso pero ahora me preguntan que me parece??? una estafa total, eso si en la tarjeta me vino todo el cargo como corresponde.  La verdad no tengo palabras para decirles lo que pienso y obvio servira para desacreditar su negocio."	0
"buenos dias deseo saber si el telefono se encuentra desbloqueado (unlocked), para realizar la compra de inmediato, seria genial que lo colocara en la descripcion del telefono (good morning I want to know if the phone is inlocked, to make the purchase immediately, it would be great if you place the phone in the description"	1
Bueno puede decirle que al comprar este dispositivo no llenó mis expectativas porque el vendedor proporcionó una información engañosa del producto no tiene responsabilidad es un estafador y no le recomiendo a ningún usuaria hacerle ninguna compra. Asimismo no cumplió con la fecha establecida de la entrega del dispositivo y lo entregó cuando le dio su regalada gana es muy irresponsable en las ventas que realiza por esta via. También cuando me comunicaba con el vendedor nunca tenía una respuesta creíble porque al parecer no había puesta el envío del dispositivo tal y como fue comprado. En resumen tomen mucha cuenta al hacer una compra sobre todo a este vendedor no es confiable.	0
Buenas condiciones 	1
Buen vender y envío rápido 	1
"Buen telefono, excelente pantalla con buena resolución, la cámara saca buenas fotos pero es algo lenta y de noche es peor, las teclas son algo duras talvez por ser a prueba de salpicaduras, el exterior se deteriora rápidamente el color del que compre es speed black y la parte gris sobre la pantalla se esta decolorando y solo en un mes de uso y bien cuidado, soy usuario de Sony ericsson desde hace 6 años tuve un W810i y era mas duradero que este modelo que se siente mas comercial y menos refinado. Si se trata de enviar sms o jugar con el puede ser un dolor de dedos por las teclas que son bien rígidas. Espero Sony mejore estos aspectos para satisfacer a todos sus usuarios. Por los $ 279 que pague por el C-702 recomiendo mejor el K-850i de 5 megapixeles en la cámara"	0
Buen teléfono       	1
"Buen producto, dura 2 días la batería muy rápido y util"	1
Buen producto entrega rápida gracias .recomiendo a este vendedor	1
"buen dia Este celular esta libre para poderlo utilizar en colombia con los operadores de claro, movistar, tigo y avantel, en caso de garantía a donde me dirijo "	1
Buen articulo y entrega rapida	1
"Brought unlocked phone and was unable to use it. Was told that I could pay $20 to get it unlocked. When I refused to pay it, I was told to to go to my phone provider to get it unlocked. The provider couldn't do it, either. YNow when I return this phone, $17 will be deducted from the price. Too much trouble."	0
"Broke within the first week - screen went out, sim card kept slipping, sound went out, etc.  My seller was great and let me exchange it for a different phone, so I&apos;m happy about that.  However, not one single thing made me happy about this phone."	0
Broke my moto z first edition and had to use an iphone for 9 days.  Couldnt take it anymore and ordered a cheaper moto z2 play.  The z2 play is a great device!! 	1
Brand new sealed phone. I have had no problems with this phone.Best price I could find.	1
Brand new sealed box Came fast also   Wife loves it   Had to return one a got somewhere else that wasnt unlocked but this one sure is!!!!	1
Brand new phone in original box.  Received in reasonable time and good communication 	1
Brand New item. Love it! Works great at this point.	1
"Brand new in box. Spot on his description. Phone was for my dad, and all he does is make in and outgoing calls.  He loves the battery length, and the size of the display."	1
"Brand new in box, but battery life is terrible, 10% every hour in sleep mode. Very slow mobile network connection even when in open area. I have to use speakerphone 90° of the time, due to difficulty and not clear on the on the other line. Bad investment. Not recommended. "	0
Brand new as said never open Beautiful phone	1
box was empty no phone 	0
"Bought, but never received."	0
"Bought used Samsung S8+. Seller rated it 8 - 9 out of 10. Phone is perfect, like new, no wear at all. I am extremely happy with my purchase. SHIPPING was quick.  I am impressed & will buy from again.  Thank you very much. "	1
Bought two phones Said that the phone is unlocked for any carrier but that Was a  lie it didn't work with other carrier. Said it's gsm but it's not gsm it's only CDMA. Need my money back. Terrible seller  	0
"Bought two of these just before Christmas 2016. My husband and I have had so many problems with these we are looking for new phones. It seems sometimes these things are possessed. It will switch to airplane mode by itself. Will go mute during a call, or speaker with no warning. They'll make calls by themselves and you can't hang up! Had to shut it off. Calls numbers I haven't dialed. Bluetooth turns on by itself. Sometimes will go from fully charged to dead in 12 hrs, while not being used.  If it was only one of the phones with these problems I could pass it off as a lemon. But it's both, with the same problems. Last time I ever buy a phone so soon after release."	0
bought to use with cingular area.  doesnot support the frequency any more.  cingular upgrades made this phone useless.  sits on my shelf only as t- mobile cannot use it even. make sure your area supports it and cingular is not going to do away with this frequency soon in your area.  nikia is a good clear cell phone but this model is obsolite.	0
"Bought this to replace my original 4011 which I used for over 5 years (until I stepped on it). Simple, straight-forward PHONE! No bells,no whistles, which is EXACTLY what I need and want. Durable, serviceable and most of all SIMPLE!"	1
"Bought this to replace my old Ericsson, had no trouble with it until the keyboard starting acting up."	1
"Bought this to replace my daughter's iPhone.  We are on a different network than Sprint.  I thought it would be like a Verizon or AT&T phone and just call in to get unlocked.  NOPE!  It has to 1) have the original user be known AND 2) be on Sprint with a know user for 50 days.  That means even if you activate it on a Sprint line it has to be there for 50 days.  That will cost $130 to get unlocked ($30 activation fee and 2 months at $50 each.) Not including taxes.  You can use a service to unlock, but it is still a total of $130.  Sprint STINKS!!!!!!!!!"	0
Bought this to replace 6915 which stopped syncing - a common problem with that model. This one is almost identical and everything works the way it&apos;s supposed to - and it syncs! YAY!	1
Bought this phone to use on cricket service....   This phone is so old that it can't be used on any company anymore per the cricket customer service  Don't waste your money	0
Bought this phone on Ebay for a very good price. I really like the gray color on the back. This is the best phone I have ever owned. The battery holds up very well. Also I can use this phone as anywhere in my house and not drop any calls like previous phones I have owned. No complaints on this phone. 	1
"Bought this phone in good faith for one of my young children as a starter phone, my daughter was very excited about the prospect of her first mobile telephone.I paid for the item by sending a cheque and waited.......some time later I received an e mail requesting my address, I replied with said details and then waited some more.Some time later I contacted the seller.....no reply.I contacted the seller again when my cheque for the item had been cashed....no reply. The seller then cancelled his e bay registration and is probably spending my money on topping up my mobile phone.    Amazon.co.uk....you are my new best friend."	0
"Bought this phone from this seller and paid a little extra because of the stuffs in the bundle. Phone looks okay but the VR viewer came in broken. Sent an email to the seller but he wouldn't respond. At the end of the day, I paid more for this bundle when I could have purchased only the phone elsewhere for a much lesser price during Black Friday."	0
"Bought this phone for the camera and am disappointed. The optical zoom is nice but rarely useful for me at least. Need an optical zoom, I recommend buying a digital camera. The xenon flash is very weak and only useful at very close range, but it will help drain the battery with the phones poor talk time. Only takes good pics outside in perfect lighting, and indoors in really ideal lighting. Pics in bright light get washed out. Colors and contrast not nearly as good as Samsungs G600. The G800 does have a better video camera than the G600. The G800 5MP camera also has fewer pixels than the G600 (unfortunately read specs and other reviews and saw comparison tests online after purchase). The G800 standby time is good, but talk time is very short. G800 has only one keypad tone which is piano key tones. Overall disappointed and sorry I purchased this thick phone/camera. The G600 has a weak LED flash but not much worse than the poor xenon flash on The G800.  In my opinion don&apos;t spend your money on this camera, buy The G600 for nearly half the price.   Watch Ebay sellers though, and read the fine print. Some sellers are selling G600 phones made by Pantech which are dual band. Verify that it is a Samsung Quad Band and not the Pantech Dual Band!! Wish I had not purchased this Phone/Camera!!!"	0
"BOUGHT THIS PHONE FOR THE BABYSITTER.  SUITS HER NEEDS PERFECTLY, ALSO, YOU NEVER LOOSE MINUTES BECAUSE THEY LAST FOR 3 MONTHS, NOT LIKE SOME OTHER PAY AS YOU GO PLANS.  ENCLUDED COUPONS FOR FREE BONUS MINUTES AND BUY A MINUTE PACK GET DOUBLE.  WHO WOULDN&apos;T LOVE THAT?"	1
Bought this phone for my son so he could play MineCraft online. Work's Perfectly!!!!	1
Bought this phone for my moms friend. She is enjoying it very much and very please with its condition. Thank You!	1
Bought this phone for my father who is elderly and needs a simple easy to use phone. Set up the speed dials for him so all he has to do to reach me is dial one number.	1
"Bought this phone for my 16-year-old's birthday. He's had it 3 months now. No glitches or gimmicks - we got exactly what was advertised. The phone is in excellent condition, and he loves it. This is a great way to save money buying a couple of generations back from the newest version. Perfect for a teenager. The wider, rounded screen suits him, because he likes to play games and watch videos on his phone. We are super-safisfied with this purchase!"	1
Bought this phone because my old phone was giving me a lot of problems. BUT this phone was worse!!! I will never buy a cell phone on ebay again. All I did was buy somebody elses problem!	0
"Bought this phone because it claims to withstand some falls, water, and such. Phone lasted about 3 months before fully dying. Bought expensive case for extra protection too. Dropped phone onto hard floor from 3ft and the screen cracked in 4 places (with case/screen protector), then last night dropped phone in a puddle and it completely died. Don't waste your money on this phone; even though this seller sells it for less; it is still not worth it. Phone will not stand up to what it is supposed to do."	0
Bought this phone because I owned one that broke. I needed a replacement. This one came as described and works exactly as it should. Battery life was in excellent condition.	1
Bought this phone as a replacement phone to the model I&apos;m already using. Our local phone carrier already doesn&apos;t offer this EX112 anymore. Easy to use for me being a feature phone rather than a smart phone I don&apos;t have to pay extra. Fits my needs perfectly.	1
bought this phone and never used it because it did not work right out of the box. like they say you get what you pay for.  Price was low but it did not work.	0
Bought this phone and it only last a week. It does not work.	0
"Bought this phone and it is garbage, started downloading apps by itself and came with harmful app that cant be removed. phone crashed after it downloaded about 30 apps all on its own with porn installed and the seller ignores my e-mails."	0
"Bought this new.  Tracfone said sim was deactivated. Need new sim. Sent me one no 3X minutes,. Who deactivated it Tracfone? Tracfone did so they don't have to give 3X minutes, .False advertising"	0
"Bought this item because my phone was not charging properly. I installed this item, than i had no reception... It was charging but i could not use my phone as a phone... I don't know about the micrphone in the PCB because a could't make a call."	0
Bought this iphone only to find out it doesnt charge when it was listed in perfect working condition. Then I go to contact the seller to work something out and they simply ignored my messages. This is ridiculous there's fraudulent scam artists are still able to sell on here. If your buying anything from this seller better make sure that it isn't electronic because they can't seem to tell how to properly post things or correct their mistake...instead your met with pointless dialogue in ebay messages only for them to ignore you in the end	0
Bought this inexpensive phone for my elderly parents.  They never used it but let the charge run down.  Phone wouldn&apos;t charge after that...took to Sprint to see if was charger or phone...it was the phone.  I guess you get what you pay for and too late now to return for refund.	0
Bought this for my husband and he really likes it!  Charges quickly with great battery life during normal use. Love the feature in which it list the name and numbers that has VM and you can choose which to listen to by touching and it even list when the phone is off!  I'm a Samsung girl but I do admit this is a nice phone!	1
Bought this for my daughter. She seems to &quot;break&quot; cell phones so this is a good way to get a good phone at good prices.	1
Bought this for my daughter. She loves it. Works good. Plays you tube videos... Facebook and talk and text good. Speaker works good for hands free.... So over all a decent phone for the money....!!!!!	1
Bought this for my daughter for Christmas to use with Ting service.  Had no issues bringing into Ting&apos;s BYOD program.  She loves having an iPhone	1
Bought this for my 14 yo as a replacement for his older slider. It's great-all the features of a smart phone but doesn't have to have a sim card to function (if you want to restrict data/internet). And they can still use it like a tablet with wifi. He's very happy with it and I'm getting another for his younger sibling. Add a generous sized  sliding keyboard for texting while over all size remains compact and plenty of accessories still on the market.. This a great phone for teens!	1
Bought this for my 13yr old niece for Christmas. Great price- the device is in great condition. I havent activated it yet but will be as the holiday approaches. Money well spent!  	1
"Bought this for a friend, so far works great. I got mine for full price from Google. This was a great deal."	1
Bought this cell phone and the first red flag was moto-lenovo cell phone. Oh boy! Motorola sold there soul on this one. Bad blinking flashing and restarting and off then would not correct after factory reset back to the same blinking and flashing. Only lasted out of the box about 3 hrs. 7.0 os android with a mixture of badly overstated performance. LOL just flat out to screwy to work with. I own an old moto-x that works great. Not this model my next cell phone will be LG why take a chance on all this handed around add this and that to a junk phone and call it Motorola when it is not. Lenovo what the hell that ever is.	0
"Bought this brand new phone for my son as a gift. As soon as he got it out of the box he said I think this is a fake phone. Sure enough after looking up how to determine a fake phone on  utube. It was difficult to tell, but it definitely wasnt authentic. Will never buy from them again. "	0
"Bought this as a replacement phone.This phone is just like the one I had before, so I using it was a breeze. It works great and I have had no problems since I got it."	1
"Bought this as a refurb unlocked, says Tracfone and Straight Talk. Both use AT&T network. I have another iPhone with an AT&T SIM. This ""refurbished"" phone works in every other way but will not authenticate on AT&T. So it is unlocked? Doesn't look like it. It should just work. The other possibility is that the original owner didn't remove it from their account. Wither way I wasted like $120. Tried to get input from thee seller but the responses were to look at the ad. It also has two different configuration codes one in the headline and another in the description. "	0
"Bought this as a much needed replacement phone for my son. He said this is a much better phone then the one he has been ""tolerating"" which was a Galaxy S5Active that has become sluggish over the years. He said on the S7 Active that the camera is better, the battery last longer, and it is a much faster phone. If he is happy with it, then so am I. Thank you!  "	1
Bought this and discovered so many problems water damage n all kinds of issues the sell stiff me with a piece of shot phone then I ask for a refund n got 40 bucks outta 225 not only that I have 400 dollars n repair on this device so u do the math that almost 700 bucks I could have got a s7 edge for that much be very careful   	0
Bought the phone is super fast does not freeze like lg flex i use to have battery last long and it charges super fast great price big screen 	1
"bought the phone from that guy named ready2call i have not left a feedback until  he takes care of my problem brand new phone gave me so much troubel no coverage screen turns off and somtimes displays half of the menu, super slow speaker functions unporperly the seller did not do anything he was putting me to sleep, he refused to take the phone back to sum up seller did not do the right thing despite having a good overall reviews and phone is a big pile of garbage that i do not recommend don t throw your money."	0
"Bought the phone for my wife as a gift for Mothers Day. She loves it. Works just as advertised. When on one line, someone can call the other number and they can leave a voice message.  The Wifi works well. No issues with slow memory so far."	1
Bought the phone for my sister in the Dominican Republic and I had no problem using a international SIM card. Good condition for the prince. A bit slow but overall great. 	1
"Bought the phone (&lt;$20) to use as a small android tablet so I can&apos;t comment on the actual phone performance but is fantastic as a small tablet/MP3 player. Has blue tooth, GPS, &amp; Wifi. Nice to put on music and bluetooth stream to the car radio or use as a GPS. Better than most MP3 player out there. Decent sound out of the speakers."	1
Bought the lot as beaters for my staff and there have been nothing but good things said about their durability and usefullness. Already one&apos;s been drowned but it&apos;s still working fine after a dry out.	1
"Bought the &quot;NEW&quot; phone and found it &quot;refurbished&quot; it is not new.  Seller was polite, but sadly the phone did not work after a day and it did not arrive on the early shipping I had paid for.  Had to pay and return the faulty phone $20 and waited for a new one for an even longer time.  Ended up spending twice as much to buy and return it."	0
Bought Product as backup phone and because I like idea of Firefox OS  This phone is terrible! Cannot sync contacts. gmail works but aol does not.  Manual setup of e-mails lacks basics to actually work. Active sync cannot import/ accept certificates so it is useless.  ZERO support from Firefox or ZTE (ZTE told me to contact E-Bay to get software update!!)Firefox said its not their problem.  They are NOT updating software.  Minimal apps available  Camera works but at 2 mega pixels it is marginal.	0
bought phone on 10/20/08.heard from seller once or twice. and as of to date 12/2/08 have not received my phone. how can i give a review of the product if i never received it.	0
"BOUGHT PHONE FOR MY DAUGHTER AND SHE LOVES IT, IT DOES EVERYTHING SHE WANTS IT TO DO.  SHE REALLY LIKES ALL OF THE OPTIONS IT HAS AND THE STYLE FITS HER DESIRES."	1
"bought phone and in a months time it took a dump, and no response from the seller"	0
Bought over 100 items from this seller. Great seller	1
"Bought one pixel phone in August 2018 that was dead in January 2019 = 5 months  bad buy in my case.  Bought a second pixel they are cheap 200. Thought the first one was just a lemon.  The second Pixel phone lasted 3 days frozen, stuck on, cold not do anything with the phone.  I would not buy one of these pixel phones again."	0
bought one on ebay in like new condition worked for about 30 min. and died. took it in for service and was told it was toast. I feel that this phone is crap.	0
Bought one for my daughter and liked hers so much bought one for myself.   Very impressive features and the upgrade lollipop operating system is outstanding 	1
"Bought one almost exactly like the old one I was replacing.  I had the old one for a few years--it developed wear &amp; tear on the hinges over time. I like this phone for three reasons:  (a) keypad characters are large and easy to read --don&apos;t need corrective lenses to see them.  Display on the screen is also large. (b) My new phone is actually slightly larger/heavier than the old version, better built. It looks like the problem with the older version was corrected. This phone is heavy duty.  You can drop it and it won&apos;t fall apart easily.  It is well-padded; (c) It doesn&apos;t have a lot of unnecessary confusing bells &amp; whistles.  This is a phone&apos;s phone, a working man&apos;s phone."	1
Bought it to replace a lost phone. Got the new phone in a couple of days from placing the order. The price on the phone was very cheap. It was compatible with virgin mobile service and assurance wireless	1
"Bought it on a whim,and wasn't disappointed. Went from a galaxy S5 to this phone and was surprised at the speed,graphics,and response. Battery life is way above average. "	1
Bought it now and 3 day later refunded my PayPal   I thought once you by it now that was it 	0
bought it for the wife cause she just lives on social media and puzzle games. she loves the battery run time and the display quality	1
Bought it for my mother...easy to use.  She will be able to use this cellphone easily. Good price and received it quickly.	1
bought it for grandson and he absolutely loves it.has very nice features to it and the style is very nice.has so many features to it I was very surprised.the price was excellent. all in all a very nice phone	1
bought htc m9 and it was damaged. sd card slot did not read memory cards. seller does not care. never buy from this seller.	0
"Bought for the kids as game phone. Worlk well, Thank you. Great seller"	1
Bought for my son and he absolutely loves it!!!	1
Bought for my daughter. It came just the way it was described .We are very satisfied quick delivery and good product. Thank you	1
Bought for my daughter & so far she has enjoyed it & has had no issues with it what so ever. She plays her apps watches her movies videos chats etc works great so far	1
Bought for my dad for Christmas and he loves it! Easy to use and very durable. He has gotten a lot of compliments so far! 	1
bought for daughter she loves it works fine unblocked might buy another some day all other cell phones doesnt come close to work like this one	1
"Bought brand new and already having major issues, I do not blame the seller of course. "	0
Bought because it is rugged. It appears to be a very well built phone. My husband is very hard on phones.  I seen this one and thought I would give it a try.	1
Bought based on the specs at the AT&amp;T site. Made the assumption that it would be like the Nokia 2320 it was replacing only better because it has 3G. Boy was i wrong. The first major issue for me was that you can not connect it to a computer to transfer wallpapers and ring tones even though that is one of the things it lists in the specs. There are no games on the phone and you can not install any from Mobile Rated or anywhere else. The specs say games are available at the AT&amp;T app store but there are none listed. Apparently this phone will not run any Java apps. I could not install Opera mini or Google maps like i could on my 2320. The phone comes with one wallpaper and one ringtone and no settings for individual or group ring tones. Also no way to change the phone navigation settings and it will not receive MMS messages. So there is no way to add your own ring tones and wallpapers. I visited two AT&amp;T stores in my area and got no help what so ever. Both places said well it is a cheap phone. I replied that i paid the same price 18 months ago for my Nokia and overall i can do more with it than the U2800A. I have had to deal with AT&amp;T four times in the past year or so with poor results. Since there are sales quotas to meet by the employees each month they really do not want to be bothered with service issues especially if you are a Go-Phone user. I do not recommend AT&amp;T or the Go-Phone service.	0
Bought as a gift.  	1
"Bought and activated this phone....upper left shows STRONG signal...bottom of screen shows ""NO SERVICE""....30 days without service.....10 calls to Tracfone....7 hours on phone...talked to 13 different techs....they sent 3 sim cards...{took 1 week for each}...still no service....Be advised..all ""techs"" speak a little English, but they have trouble understanding what you are trying to say....I have kissed service days {year 2022} and about 150 minutes goodbye and am checking other providers..... GOOD LUCK!!!  "	0
Bought about a month ago and it was slow for a refurbished phone not even new of course and then the back kept coming off then the screen would stall and finally did not work. Disappointed 	0
"Bought a phone, great in Every way. Seller is fast shipper. No problems."	1
Bought a phone and it looked perfect and when I tried to set it up today I could not use it on straight talk CDMA (Verizon or sprint) like the post said I could. Would like a refund ASAP.  	0
Bought a phone and did not open but can't return.  Seller lied about 30 days return bad bad bad service	0
"Bought a Panasonic GD55 that was supposedly factory refurbished to &quot;new&quot; condition. I wanted a small tri-band GSM phone to take with me to Europe. The phone was unacceptable. The battery pack would not latch on and fell off the phone.  The plug-in connection for the battery charger did not work.  The LCD screen was dim and blurry.   The phone was returned to seller for a refund. As this was a refurbished product, my experience might not be a fair review of a new GD55. Reviews I read prior to my purchase were very positive."	0
Bought a NEW Satin Pink RAZR.  It came with the language set to Italian. HAd an old version of the firmware. The battery wouldn&apos;t hold a charge.  The paint started to rub off of the phone in several places.  Within 4 weeks the display hinge pin fell out.  The sell refuses to do anything.  In my opinion this phone was a refurbished phone and was not using genuine Motorola parts.	0
Bought a iPhone 4 advertised as unlocked but it is not asked for  a refund still waiting 	0
Bought a Galaxy S6  Edge and replaced the screen because it was sold as a damaged item. Looks brand new now and works great. Saved 500.00 over buying new.	1
"Bought 2 for a trip, did not arrive on time as was listed in posting, seller made excuses.  one would not turn on, and the one that did was formatted in a foreign language.  Be careful buying this product  I returned both for refund"	0
both phones were junk even though were brand new.  they both had different problems that make them unuseable.  the seller did not warranty either.	0
Both before and after doing all upgrades to phone the home button and touch screen are sometimes unresponsive.	0
"Boss phone duh, read amazons reviews"	1
Boost mobile says this phone is too old for service  	0
"Bonjour,je n&apos;ai pas reçu mon objet,le vendeur ne me répond pas quand je lui écrit... Aujourd&apos;hui j&apos;ai ouvert un litige et je souhaite etre remboursé sur cette vilaine vente."	0
Bon téléphone portable Samsung frais d exportations trop cher 	1
"Bom não sei por onde começar, mas vamos lá, o aparelho é realmente incrível, mesmo sendo um snapdragon 808 com 3gb de RAM o aparelho desempenha muito bem as tarefas do dia a dia e outras mais exigentes.  A única coisa que realmente me decepcionou no aparelho é o fato da atualização para Android 6 estar disponível apenas se o usuário tiver um SIM AT&T, mas na internet se encontra modos de atualizar sem o SIM.  Recomendo o vendedor e o aparelho, deixarei a resenha em português para os Brasileiros e em inglês, pelo Google Tradutor.  Well do not know where to start, but come on, the device is really amazing, even being a snapdragon 808 with 3GB of RAM the device performs well the tasks of everyday life and more demanding.  The only thing that really disappointed me on the device is that the update for Android 6 only be available if the user has a SIM AT & T, but the Internet is ways to update without the SIM. Recommend the seller and the device, leave the review in Portuguese for Brazilian and English by Google Translate."	1
"Boght an iphone a month ago and it already broke, the screen just wen black one day this is bs i will not recomd this seller!"	0
Blenko is one of my favorites - love the color and size of this bowl. It's a nice addition to any collection.	1
"Blazing fast with 6gb of RAM. This is more than a phone, with uncompromising processing, very good camera (front & back), and a battery that based on my usage I charge every second day. "	1
"Blackberry passport. was one of the best phones? Ever made. However. The sad part is. It is no longer supported by Blackberry. Which means this phone will be heavy? Paper wait. Not worth spending too much. Blackberry. 10. Will no longer be available? Fortunately, that's the sad part."	0
"Blackberry Hub was still alive with Android OS. I felt that the key touch of PRIV is shallow, but it doesn't matter if get used to it. For Japanese input, SwiftKey is recommended!! "	1
Blackberry has been manufacturing reliable cell phone.. My cousin and niece are very happy with this phone because its features and pocketability.	1
BLACKBERRY BOLD 9930 8GB IS THE BEST IN SECURTY OF ALL OF MY ACCOUNTS FROM 401k-Mortgage-BANKING and JUST HAVING FUN BROWSING THE INTERNET SO IT DEPENDING ON YOUR CIRCUMSTANCES BLACKBERRY IS THE BEST FROM BUSINESS TO JUST MAKING A CALL......	1
BlackBerry 7780 - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone---EXCELLENT --PHONE THANKS C!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
"Blackberry 10 is amazing, Apple iOS runs well on the hardware, but you have to deal with Apple's walled garden. Android is a jack of all trades but a master of none, and performs poorly on all but the most powerful of phones. Blackberry 10, and more specifically the Q10, is an example of a device in the middle, BB10 is designed to run on the Q10, Z10, etc. And it runs exceptionally, however unlike apple, blackberry is friendly and inclusive to power users, allowing for side-loading, tweaking, high security encryption, and much more. BB10 combines the ease of apple, and the power of Android, it's a shame more devs don't support it. The blackberry q10 was a top of the line phone for 2013, and by today's standards still easily holds it's own with 2gb of ram and a snapdragon s4 plus processor, it is no slouch, and never crashes, or slows down. It just works, if there is one thing you can take from the q10, is that."	1
bit big phone.. But i like. I used it sometimes. Battery is terrible	0
bigger print cant read letters on phone 	0
"Big thumbs up for my seller PagePlusDealer. They must sit up during the wee hours waiting for wayward orders to come in.. they had it on the road by 6 am. Phone purchased for talk, text and pics. Phone gets A+ on all accounts. Simple quick call to Straight Talk, my # switched over and I was rock'n & roll'n in Minutes. Ordering a second one now as life has taught me when something fits just right get Two as they'll be Unavailable when you finally wear it out and look for another! Ordering a case immediately as I want this baby to last a Long Time in the cup holders of trucks, tractors, atvs, and the misc contents of my pockets on any given day. "	1
"Big screen, modern specs, all at half the cost of a typical flagship. Mine upgraded to Android Nougat (7.0) OTA right off the bat. That also upgrades EMUI to 5.0.1 as well. If you are a US user you may need to change country settings for some apps. I recommend downloading a different keyboard like Google's for the same reason. All in all I'm happy with this device."	1
"Big screen, great battery "	1
Big screen with expandable storage. Also has a fast processor and ram. 	1
"Big phone, fits great on most hands and with a bright screen that is great for entertainment. Excellent processing power to simultaneously run multiple apps and large HD video files without breaking a sweat.  My battery lasts anywhere from 4 to 5 hours with heavy usage and about 3 times that with low to moderate use. "	1
Big phone which I like for video. 	1
BEWARE...make sure when purchasing a phone from ebay to go to the companies website and check by the IMEI number to see if the device you are purchasing isn't locked or stolen. I made the mistake of rushing and purchased a device I couldn't even connect because it was a locked device by Metropcs. Hopefully I can get this issue resolved without having to escalate the situation.	0
"Beware this phone did not take any sim, did not work took to different shops. "	0
BEWARE OF THIS SELLER; HE WILL REPORT YOU FOR ANYTHING!!!! DOINT BUY ANYTHING FROM HIM	0
Beware of this seller he sold an I phone 4 s that has two security codes on it he does not now the codes and apple can not provide them I was told from apple without the odes the phone is useless the seller did not want any part of it I had to go through ebay for me refund	0
BEWARE DONT BUY FROM THIS SELLER!!  THEY SELL STOLEN PROPERTY!   I contacted them with proof from the National Data Base for Stolen Cell Phones!!  They REFUSE to Refund my Money!! They are CROOKS!!!  I Have also REPORTED THEM To The POLICE!!!!!  I SURE HOPE EBAY WILL KICK THEM OFF!!!!    I have been a EBAY Customer for over 20 years &amp; NEVER had any seller sell me stolen property &amp; than tell me to send them the phone back to get my refund!!! Sorry I Gave the Cell Phone to the Police!!!	0
"BEWARE !!! He is a lier and thief!  I received a pathetic, so called holster.  Headphoes where missing, driver software missing and instead he placed a silly DVD.  Phone if defective.  To deal with him was an awful experience that I regret dealing with a dishonest seller with low morals."	0
"better then any iPhone by far features rich for most people and old folks. if you are just looking for a regular smart phone similar like the iPhone than gets this you will not be disappointed, under 60 dollars is a steal for this type of phone and your lucky and gets the 2.1 rom version, possibility is endless"	1
Better than what I expected. Good item. Fast delivery.	1
better than iPhone has much features iPhone x does not have and the price way cheaper	1
Better than I expected. 	1
"Better price than in store, quick shipping , Thank you ."	1
"Best Tracfone I have had to date, not sure why they are a little hard to find much better than the LG 800G my son has this one and it is not as nice to use, smaller screen, just do not like as well as the Motorola EX124G"	1
"Best smartphone out there!  simple, but yet stylish. i&apos;ve had this phone for about 3 years now. talk about durability, i dropped this nokia critically for a million times till  now, and it still works like a tank!...very cheap and reliable. And the Music ROCKS!"	1
Best smart phone for the price paid.  pros    1) best price for a smart phone  2) lots of apps  3) hard and sturdy  4) long battery life    cons  1) little disappointed with the touch sensitivity sometimes have to press twice to open a app	1
"Best small iPhone for music , install iOS 6 for best performance but some apps may not work. "	1
Best service. Good product. 	1
Best seller to buy	1
Best seller  iphone xs max is brand new	1
Best seller  Fast shipping.and excellent price.	1
"Best reception if you dont live around a city, i am from a small town in PA and its got the best reception out of any phone.  My husband has a Samsung and doesnt get the service area&apos;s I do and we are on the same plan.  love it!"	1
best price I could find online love all the features. Best phone I have had will keep for a long time. 	1
BEST PLACE TO GET A PHONE FAST SHIPPING TY U NEED TO ASK A QUESTION ABOUT A PHONE THEY WILL ANSWER U RIGHT AWAY.	1
best phone..................nice look...................................work almost like computer..................................best deal	1
Best phone Samsung put out 	1
"Best phone ive used, huawei made this one a keeper"	1
best phone ive ever owned great battery life great looks im lovein it would buy  another just like it if it was broken or lost	1
Best phone is like having a Galaxy. I bought it because it looks like a galaxy and is cheap. I dont dislike anything. If i knew about before all my phone were like this one.	1
Best phone in market 	1
"Best phone i have used so far, good work samsung."	1
best phone I have owned would by again	1
"Best phone I have owned so far , long battery life, easy to move everything from old phone to new."	1
Best phone I have had in years.	1
"BEST PHONE I HAVE EVER OWNED. I HAVE HAD MANY PHONES THRU OUT THE YEARS AND ONLY PAID MID RANGE FOR THEM TILL NOW. THIS PHONE I CANT SAY ONE THAT IS WRONG WITH IT, BESIDES THE BATTERY IS NOT THE BEST. BESIDES THAT I THINK THIS PHONE RULES. ITS FAST, LOTS OF STORAGE, AND I REALLY HAVE NO REAL COMPLAINTS."	1
"Best phone i had beter then sgs2 and beter then any iphone now , the battray is a bit week about aday of ussing , the best looking phone !!!!!"	1
"Best phone I ever hade, Best Camera on the market. Even under water ??? Falt !!!   Side buttons are to easy to touch, always coming on or off. I had to buy a after market Case and it fixed the Button Problem.  Now its the BEST.                                      Mike"	1
Best phone i ever had	1
best phone good looking unlock features give it to freedom to use any sim card. slide a feature is nice also the touch screen is very nice. highly recommend it to everyone.	1
Best phone ever made.This is the best basic phone I have ever used.The phone is tough easy to use and timeless.	1
"Best phone and OS Iver used. Very pleased with its speed and overall performance. ICS 4.0 Rocks!  Coming from Gingerbread 2.3, ICS shows better performance, smoother transitions and great new UI with plenty"	1
Best phi ne they have made yet 	1
Best of the best	1
"BEST DEAL EVER FOR SENIOR CITIZENS LOOKING FOR ECONOMY TECHNOLOGY.     CONSUMER CELLULAR PHONE CAME W/SIM CARD & SOME CHARGE SO I IMMEDIATLY GOT SERVICE W/A QUICK PHONE CALL.    ANSWERING CALLS OR MAKING THEM WAS EXCITING.        PHONE HAS ALL THE FEATURES OF EXPENSIVE PHONES, BUT THIS PHONE IS EASY TO USE ALL OF THOSE   .     TEXTING IS SO EASY,  AND OUR MISSPELLINGS ARE CORRECTED.     HAVING FUN TAKING PICS TO SEND .       "	1
Best cell phone I ever owned.  I actually get great reception in my home.  All others had to drive three blocks away to use.  Easy setup and very user friendly.  Love it!!	1
best buy this year	1
"Best budget phone i have ever seen, processor is ultra fast and i can do now than thing at the same time, the camera is perfect and screen has hd, i used it with Verizon and it works with any gsm network worldwide, i love this phone"	1
best badget camera	1
Best $200 I've spent in awhile. Brand new phone with great features. Print scanner is flawless and the HD screen looks great!! Definitely worth the money  	1
"Besides it's not the original battery, it's bad. I can't charge it completely and it goes so fast, even when I'm not using it, one moment it says it has 88% and five minutes later, 70%. I bought a new battery ang I still have the problem."	0
"Below average does not work, has no service in my area.This is very frustrating waited for phone and to I am not able to use the cellphone. Cellphone looks good but dont work what good is it to me. Now I have spend $5  to spend it back."	0
"Begining for the accured description, an excellent following thru the ver fase delivery process, ending in an, on hands mint item, in better shape that anyone could expect of a used cell phone, fully operational."	1
Before wasting your money please read:  http://en.community.dell.com/support-forums/mobile-devices/f/3824/p/19482374/20266603.aspx	0
Before i use htc evo 4g but its very thick and i use lg marquee i get a nice style and good in hand.  I think about battery life we can control it with our self. This phone is excelent with nice style nor bulky and good respons to open and close aplication. So I always recomended to my friend because its working well and i can get my internet to rev b its good running aplication	1
"Before I purchased this item it said on its description that this was an unlocked phone, however when I received it and installed my own SIM card from a different carrier other than Verizon the phone not only it doen't recognize the SIM but it will not work at all.   contacted the seller and they tell me that the phone is locked to the Verizon network and it will no work with any other network that is not of what their network is.  Very dissapointed! "	0
Before I bought this phone the specks said unlocked when I got it it wasn't unlocked. Then like a week later all of a sudden the screen is freaking out where you can barely see anything on it. Only a bunch of lines and half of the screen is black with line running through them. I really regret buying this phone.	0
been using this phone for years - - -does just what I want it to do!!!!!!   Great price !!   Simple to use.- - Still plenty of them out there	1
Been using for 1 year and it the best phone I have ever had. 	1
"Been searching for a small cell, for a fair price when I came across this awesome little phone.. perfect for my needs."	1
Been looking for a smartphone for a while now. I didn&apos;t want to pay much for one. This one had the basics features that I needed.	1
"Been a big LG phone user, but now I will use Asus cell phone. Love the phone!"	1
because the seller gave everything i need to know about the item. The Nokia 2720 is perfect...and the seller was clear with the his/her answers.	1
"because of it being cdma, it doesn't work any carrier that has a sim card, so it cannot work in Europe or most places overseas either"	0
"BECAUSE I'VE NEVER RECEIVED IT  !!! AND EBAY IS RIPPING ME OFF AND WONT REFUND MY MONEY !!!!!  EBAY WANTS ME TO PAY FOR A CELLPHONE I'VE NEVER HAD PROCESSION OF !!!!! THE MORONS SELLER SENT $800 CELLPHONE WITH ""NO SIGNATURE REQUIRED"" AND WAS STOLEN.  ITS BEYOND COMPREHENSION HOW EBAY THINKS SOMEONE SHOULD PAY FOR SOMETHING THEY HAVEN'T GOTTEN !!!! "	0
Because it&apos;s a Verizon product.  Because it&apos;s a Samsung product.  No compare.  ******************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************	1
Because it was not the item that the seller did describe like it was described as working on GSM network  this was the most disgraced seller i have dealt with on ebay  this seller closed the item listen way before i did receive the item this is not fair...no chance for me to reply on the purchase i have made from the seller.	0
"Because it is a great  all round  Phone. It was delivered Brand new as described, Factory sealed,  Delivered early And would definitely recommend the seller to my friends. Absolutely love this phone."	1
Because it a very good product and I love it.	1
"because i read on there that the phone might have been used.  i was not expecting it to be in the condition that it was.  when i opened it up from the package, i thought it was new.  it was in perfect condition, with no scratches.  this will not be the last time i buy from digicircle.  great products"	1
Because I only place the sim card and start working perfectly.	1
Because I never received said product and was dismissed by eBay and seller	0
"because i like apple, and iphone 4 is amazing product !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"	1
Because battery doesn't stay charge long	0
"Beautiful, small, powerful smart phone that compliments my two Passports. Would highly recommend for those that need a small form factor! Especially at this price !"	1
"BEAUTIFUL PHONE, WORKS GREAT!!!!"	1
beautiful phone but limited feature I would prefer tohave purchased the galaxy ii or the newest one this one is outdated in my opinion. I didn&apos;t care for it to much at all	0
Beats the new iPhone 8 Plus at all aspects.	1
Be wary. This price is too good to be true. 	0
"Be truthful to people else your life is short. Thanks. Why do you sell a locked phone to me,claiming to be unlocked? "	0
Be PREPARED to carry around your charger with this phone as it is only good for about 3.5 hours on a full charge.  	0
"be honest and recpect the ebay rules and market and the buyers mentalities ,, lying and selling fake products advertised as original brand names is a full range of stupidity and patsy u better go out from the ebay and leave the true pepole whos really mean business"	0
"Be careful; not a clear and honest seller;  already screwed 1 ebayer with conditions and description on one iphone; when I asked him to send a few pix before my payment, he said NO; sorry, I have 0 trust then; do not buy if pictures are not clear and no enough from this ebayer; am not in confidence to give my 300$ for an iphone 6s plus here... "	0
"Be careful when buying these phones. The state that its new and sealed when it actually is NOT...Check the sellers negative feedback and it will be clear if its actually new or not... I received my phone and it looked brand new and was in a sealed box but then i realized.... The phone i purchased was 64GB and the Box said 128GB. Then i opened the box and the phone looked great, definitely looked new until i checked the IMEI number of it to find out that it was previously used for an entire year on a network and is Blocked by the carrier.  What these guys do is buy these phones in Bulk and hack them with a different Firmware to make it work and change the back cover to make it look NEW. THATS IT.. DONT FALL FOR THIS SCAM LIKE I DID. THIS WAS A BIG HASSLE AND A WASTE OF TIME!!! ONE OF THESE SELLERS IS  ""excelic.store"" BE CAREFUL!!!"	0
Be careful wasting your money  the funny  part is that DELL is not helping at all  http://en.community.dell.com/support-forums/mobile-devices/f/3824/p/19485457/20286086.aspx#20286086	0
Be careful to buy her this man sells counterfeit things phones are not Authentic Samsung Galaxy	0
"Be careful on buying from this seller the phone it's not new. It seems but it's not. When you get the phone, it will have a lot of emails on it from the seller and the front microphone doesn't work such as Siri will not work. "	0
Be careful  possible scam. She canceled order  and want me to pay from another link to avoid eBay fees. 	0
"Be awere! They are selling refurbished phones ar brand new ""unopened""!!! "	0
BE AWARE!!!Do Not Buy from this seller!!!!  i bought nokia N95. after one day of receiving this item it stopped working and when i talked about the refund they told me to send the item and they told me to spend my own money for shipping level and still i haven&apos;t get my refund.	0
Battery wore out upon receipt of this phone.  Won&apos;t hold a charge.  Have to plug it in to use.  Very dissapointed about this purchase.	0
Battery won't charge.	0
Battery will not hold charge	0
Battery will discharge to fast	0
"Battery was low. I tried charging it, it is no longer charging the battery. I have 3 extra backup batteries, just in case I don't have access to where I can charge the phone, and I am in Florida, where we have been without power for a week. It's smart to have a basic feature phone with extra batteries. The purchase didn't even last me a year, not even into the Hurricane season. I wrote to the seller, and I didn't get a reply."	0
"battery was dying when received,died in a week another poor product, are we all surprised they are virtually out of business ??"	0
battery very poor  the phone is ok  but i liked my old one much better	0
Battery of this phone is completely unacceptable. It goes from 100% to 20%  under little to no use in only 2 hours. I would not recommend this phone. I will be seeking a refund. 	0
"battery of the phone is damaged, the charge center too, is locked means that cant use it in gsm network"	0
Battery may not be that bad since I listen to music although it`s usually plugged more than not  Big problem is the low audio volume.  I have the ringer turned up all the way set under sounds/ and turned all the way up on the volume buttons on the left side. Is there any other way to increase the volme?	0
"Battery life terrible. Screen freezes up, Had to remove battery at times and restart to get this phone to work. I now see why they are selling cheap. Drops Wi-Fi constantly,  When you receive a text message all you see is the contact number and not the senders name. Save your money."	0
battery life seems close to normal.  pretty pleased given the cost savings compared to brand new.	1
"battery life is supposed to be 100 hours. but that battery used one lasts only 10 -20  hours. That is if i don&apos;t use phone call. if I used it was half day.  So I tried to buy new battery. But I could not find new battery in US. I am Japanese and I emailed to NEC customer service in Japan head office. They said that product was not sold in Japan. That is in China products.Then I had contacted the office in Hong Kong. They said that was old model, and already changed to new model because it was not popular there. So I could not buy new battery for that or don&apos;t use that anymore. just waste money because seller didin&apos;t tell the truth."	0
"Battery life is horrible.  I live in a weak 3G area and it sucks the battery life away.  Unable to disable 3G to save battery life life like previous Android phones I have owned.  What&amp;apos;s the point of having an Android of you need to turn everything of to have the battery make it a half day, if I&amp;apos;m lucky.  I used an iPhone4 for 6 months in the exact same issues and never had battery life issues.  I&amp;apos;m not an Apple fan boy, actually I am more of a Google person but this phone just would not make it even a half day on a charge.  To high maintenance for me. A dead phone is worthless.  It let me down several times."	0
Battery life is days and days and days. The audio is analog...SO...you don't get cutoff during conversations. Make sure you get the one made in Korea. Rev 1	1
Battery life good. Value was very good. Would recommend this product if you just want good solid phone for texting and everyday phone use.	1
Battery life could use improvement but other then that I was very happy with it. 	1
Battery life 100% at 11am by 8pm it was 8% in that time period all I did was check the time & email. Junk emails only & they were deleted. Other features of the iPhone ok but with a short battery life the iPhone is practically worthless. 	0
Battery lasts much longer then the Nexus 5 more apps you use of course it drains the battery. Very pleased with this purchase. Bought one for my son for his high school graduation gift. Camera is amazing and the storage is awesome! Never been happier with a phone. I got him one just like mine. Factory flaws that they claim are not noticeable what so ever. 	1
"Battery lasts for an hour only, It has a screen burning which covers half of screen, when asked the seller about it , said it has Shadow  , which is a totally different from screen burning."	0
"Battery is weak, discharging in very short time. Connectors cover is broken. I would like to know about these disappointing facts before purchase."	0
Battery is not even coming for atleast 1o mins after full charging...--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------	0
Battery is not even coming for atleast 1o mins after full charging...--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------	0
Battery is fried out with age and the phone can not run any modern apps like YouTube.  It turns odd randomly often and should not have been listed as perfectly working 	0
Battery is Dead and I haven't had it a month yet	0
Battery is a little worn down but its almost 3 years old so its ok.  Great phone and fast delivery.	1
Battery is a joke ! Reception is horrible. Of course this may be a problem with the provider (AT&amp;T) Verizon is best in my area.	0
Battery drains fast and for no reason either .There are other problems concerning dealing with Tracfone and there uncaring staff.	0
Battery drain so fast..  	0
Battery dosen't last long and it's not a good phone for the price. 	0
Battery doesn't hold well immediately drains 	0
Battery does not sustain function of watch for longer than a few hours	0
Battery does not last long. I need to charge it every day.	0
battery does not last long . and phone get  to hot	0
Battery does not last as long as advertised. Downloaded an app to make battery last longer. 	1
Battery does not hold charge! when it reaches 52% phone shuts off! Very Unhappy with this purchase	0
battery discharge very fast	0
Battery dies at 60% 	0
Battery die out quickly and take over 12 hours to get a full  charged. I don't think this is an OEM Samsung battery. 	0
Battery and camera did not work properly 	0
Bateria mala y el telefono no es nuevo .	0
Bastante bueno el celular está como nuevo gracias 	1
"Basically, a family member and his GF upgraded phones and got the android Galaxy S Fascinate. He knows I am into gadgets, and I helped him set it up. I had my iPhone next to me when I was doing the set up, and doing a comparison, I&apos;d say this is Verizon&apos;s iPhone, however I think that the iPhone is still the best out there for AT&amp;T unless I get a different phone and find out otherwise.    PROS:  The phone has a big screen, and has a swipe text feature, which would be you&apos;d start to type a word, it pops up with the suggestions and you swipe through them.    Social Networking, FB and Twitter are easily used on this phone. Amazing for that. I am just used to the iPhone&apos;s FB layout and I&apos;m wondering if the FB layout on this is any different. He doesn&apos;t have an FB so I couldn&apos;t test.    CONS:  A little big of a phone, def bigger then my Jest and iPhone, but you should get used to the size once using    Battery, goes down fast with touchscreen. Overall 4.5 phone"	1
"Basically this phone never worked even though it was advertised as new. The seller did quickly agree to refund my money, but the cost of shipping and time spent going to sprint store trying to activate was inconvenient. I found this quite annoying seeing it was the third phone purchased from ebay that didn&amp;apos;t work properly."	0
Basically by having this phone I can make about 40-60$ a week because of having a good phone.  This phone has a faster chip than Samsung models so it can receive data faster. If you do uber/ DoorDash/ lyft that's definitely necessary.  The camera is advanced so if you do ibotta and shop kick you don't have to circle around for scans it'll put it through immediately.  There's also the fact that you can leave this thing on without charge for 6-8 hours and have it play videos for those marketing apps and get free money since it'll load it faster too. 	1
Basic and not exactly what I would call stylish but does provide great protection if the phone is dropped.  	1
"BAD:  WIFI BLOWS- does not stay connected for longer then 30-50 seconds. huge problem. there apparently was an app that fixed this but the android market banned it. MOTHER F**KERS  GPS- lags hard  HEADPHONE JACK: stupid .2mm, a normal(standard) headphone jack is .3mm, you have to use thier 2$ crackerjack headphones or buy an adapter.   BATTERY- if you use the internet do not expect the batter to last longer then an hour.  POORLY CONSTRUCTED: back is held on by flimsy clips. everytime the phone is dropped the back and battery will fly off. even on carpet.  GOOD:  EBAY APP: awesome.   MEMORY CARD: takes up to 16 gig flash card. (really only 5gigs are useable. anything above that and the phone cant get anything done. thats still plenty of space for music)  MUSIC PLAYER: awesome (cannot edit tracks)  INTERNET: works suprisingly well. 3g is awesome when service is available. even the 2g is fairly fast.(2g is alot fast then wifi because of aforementioned problem)  CAMERA: 3.2mp works great WITH good lighting. however you cannot move at all and the no flash is a poor design."	0
"Bad services but you refund it. Item never came to my country as I see with the tracking number that you send or better say that the seller send me. The only good thing is that there were no problem, you  refund it without a doudt that I had the reason and the parcel is app lostarently. If you are going to buy something, you better bouy in your own continent."	0
bad seller. phone is good though	0
"bad seller, refused to ship item after payment, instead refunded the money. stated the phone wasn&apos;t tested which is not listed in the ad"	0
"Bad seller, i did everything he said and i still have not got a refund. Will never buy again from him. This is my first bad review and hope i don&apos;t have to do it again"	0
"bad seller, he is a not good for buy mobile, im buy this mobile but he didnt sent, he refund me,     he is fake seller, i hate him"	0
Bad seller wicked man	0
bad seller the discription is faulse  bad seller the discription is faulse  bad seller the discription is faulse	0
Bad seller i cloud locked phone do not trust!	0
Bad seller dont listen claim and send cellphone with problems	0
Bad seller cancelled my order for no reason I'm assuming because didn't get the money they were  hoping for. I'll never waste my time with them again.  Terrible person. Don't deal with this seller they won't ship ur winning item . They will just cancel. 	0
bad screen bad experience.	0
"Bad reception, people can barely hear you"	0
"Bad purchase, I feel i was robbed. i placed my order on July 20th and got the device in July 25th. Just today 3 days after the 60 days return policy been expired my phone just went off and wont turn on at all. I have no way to claim to anyone about this despite the low cost of this device."	0
"Bad purchase after less than a month I have to purchase another phone,doesn't hold charge,and overheated .Ps doesn't even deserve any star at all"	0
bad phone when i buy works perfect but later do not answer calls get frezze the screen doesnt work. lost my money not recomended this phone thanks.	0
Bad just straight up don't work	0
BAD IMEI ESN LOOK@ IMEI 	1
bad goods. the seller is fraud !	0
Bad fucking waste of money 	0
BAD EXPERINCE WITH THIS SELLER	0
"Bad experience.  Was told this was a smart phone, a smart phone allows apps, this one does not.  Alarm clock did not work.  Real slow.  Could not recieve pictures in text messages.  Returned the phone for a partial refund. :(  And ended up getting a Pantech Crossover P8000, it is everything I wanted in a phone.  So person who lied and sold this phone as a smartphone you are bad, ebay you are good for saving the day and selling me a phone I can actually use for $99.99 and to the person who kept nearly $30 of my hard earned money, you can suck it!  Sincerely, K."	0
"Bad experience, item was damaged, the sensor was not working and seller denied selling damaged product, but fact was that it was not working"	0
BAD ESN NUMBER....	0
"Bad Description, Bad Lcd(burn), Bad product, bad comunication"	0
Bad description bad pictures	0
Bad condition and also I want to replace for another one. I need you call me the soon as possible or send me email  for more details 	0
"Bad camera, no space, slow phone "	0
"Bad buy on my part. I'm gonna hear bout this phone for a long time. No flash on camera, hard to use. "	0
"Bad battery; short life; shuts down constantly unless charging.  Many of these phones had the same problems, but were usually solved with the warranty for replacing the battery.  As this is a used item, warranties rarely if not already do not apply anymore.  I'm very disappointed."	0
bad battery shuts off on its own and when charging it lasts like 30 minutes on	0
"Bad battery life. app's like tunein,hulu and Netflix aren't compatible. Pictures and video are great but overall i don't like Nokia phone. Not what i expected."	0
"Bad battery life and it has came with a scratch on the ""C"" button."	0
Bad ass phone love it. Would recommend phone to others.	1
"BAD !!   When I turned on the phone the battery was discharged immediately, I bought a new battery and the problem is that this phone is not functional  "	0
Back glass clack Front glass  birdcaging bad condition	0
Awsome. I had this set up in minutes with calling and data service both working great on my provider. Way faster than I&apos;d expected and pretty good screen resolution for the cost. I would definatley buy another one if I ever need one..	1
Awsome product... A+++ seller	1
awsome phone one of the best blackberry phones i have ever had light and compact easy to put in pocket and if you like flip phones and blackberries then this is the one for you the best of both worlds totaly awsome phone.	1
Awesome.......looks new...works excellent....wonderful screen .no scratches. Omg great Camara...and storage space love love	1
Awesome. I like it very much	1
"Awesome! It looks like, feels like, behaves like new."	1
Awesome shipping was fast and in great condition. 	1
Awesome seller. Super fast shipping! 	1
"Awesome seller, great communication, fast shipping"	1
"Awesome seller! Prompt replies, good customer service :) Item was listed as used but is in mint to new condition!!! Very happy and pleased. Recommend."	1
"Awesome seller support! Great phone! Very easy AT&T prepaid service transfer. All my applications activated very easily to this phone, Video Doorbell, Comm Pilot II (hearing aids specialized bluetooth), contacts and calendar (appointments). Fantastic camera/video. I fully Recommend!  I am very happy! No more cheaper, budget smartphones."	1
Awesome seller and great product  	1
"Awesome sauce, indeed.  I wanted to exchange my Android phone for an Apple iOS and this is the ticket.  Smaller form factor more easily fits in my pocket.  Clean, clear easy changeover.  Interfaces with my iMac.  I now have an iPhone like everyone else in my family.  Very happy with this purchase.  "	1
Awesome sauce! Exactly as described.	1
Awesome sauce! Cool stuff. Trusted seller 100%	1
Awesome product! great value for the money.Awesome product! great value for the money.Awesome product! great value for the money.Awesome product! great value for the money.Awesome product! great value for the money.	1
Awesome product for a low buget. Battery îs great. 	1
"Awesome pictures with the camera,slim  and light weight.  Loaded with apps and easy to use."	1
Awesome phone....takes a quick charge...less than an hour.  Has excellent speaker phone and rockin internal speaker ..no need to for external ones.  Nice visual display on large screen.  Moto boot screen very kewl.   I'm really enjoying this phone.  Good Quality Good Price.   The only neg is it is a bit heavy...a bit - but I still love it.	1
Awesome phone. Quick connection capabilities. Love the sleek look. Easy to use and understand. Large scree. Battery could be better. Pic quality is pretty good.	1
Awesome phone. Plenty of storage at 64 GB and camera works flawlessly. Love the fast charging USB-C and no bootloop issues so far. Highly recommend.	1
"Awesome phone. I could not be more satisfied of the price I paid and the quality. The camera quality is good, when you record videos it's fair. "	1
Awesome phone. Great camera. Best iPhone value at this time.	1
Awesome phone!!:)	1
awesome phone!!! awesome phone!!! awesome phone!!! awesome phone!!!  awesome phone!!!  awesome phone!!!	1
"Awesome phone!    I changed to this from iPhone5s. And I was surprised that how good this phone is.  Ok, it does not work with Apple&apos;s other products and there is lot to work to get use to this Z Ultra.    The main thing why I changed to this is the screen size. I have a big fingers so I had great many times misspellings with small 5s screen when trying to write something.    And the biggest issue I have come up with this is that android does not communicate with Apple&apos;s ecosystems, like at all. At least not properly.    And somehow there is this annoying feature with android. It duplicates all my contacts and I can&apos;t get that corrected. Maybe it is some malfunction on this phone or maybe it is feature that android does have in it.    I have a slight issue with data waveband&apos;s. Phone has 4G LTE. And I have only 3G what I use. But when data transfer is needed it drops straight to 2G as lowest and it so slow. Too slow. I haven&apos;t figured out why so. And also the wifi is slow.    This phone is the international model C6833 and I think the problem is either on settings or that the phone has got some damages on delivery.    And with this issue I&apos;ve had a great help with the seller. They are helping me to resolve the problem! And I&apos;m sure that this issue is going to be resolved fast.    But in general the phone is good to use. It feels good in hand. It is water and dust proved so i don&apos;t have to be so extra careful with it when it starts to rain and stuff like that.  Big screen is awesome. It might feel weird to hold on your ear (I hate bluetooth hands frees because they last only month or so and you need to buy a new one) but it does not matter cause the other features are so awesome with it!    And what comes with hands free I prefer to use those &quot;REAL&quot; car phones that are mounted to car like for good. And I&apos;ll just use call transfer so I get to use brilliant sound quality through my car&apos;s speakers and so on. And at the same time my new Z Ultra can work for me as navigator. SUPER!    I can&apos;t tell is android better or is iPhone better. Both has their own features and qualities and I will be using both of them in the future. Maybe I&apos;ll buy iPhone 6+ or maybe I wait for the S version or the iPhone 7. But that is for sure that I will be using this Z Ultra for a long time as my dailydriver."	1
Awesome phone works great i would buy another one thank you camera works great nice sound on video easy to text with and thin enough to put almost any place	1
Awesome Phone works extremely well...	1
Awesome phone with ability to transform into any number of things thanks to the mods. Get the force if you don't care about root because the battery life I'd terrible. Best seller I've ever dealt with.	1
Awesome phone though I hope the Iphone 5 is even better. Awesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAwesome phone	1
Awesome phone love it	1
Awesome phone like new. I love it 	1
Awesome phone if your not trying to get a 600 dollar phone. Very durable and works great! The only problem is the space. But you get a sd card and don't download to much apps and its fine.	1
Awesome phone I love it and got here very fast	1
Awesome phone and seller. I purchased two of the phone...Fast delivery too. The phone works good so far. I just tested them with my sim card. Works ok. Wanna send it to my folks in Nigeria.	1
Awesome phone and I've never had any problems with it!! 	1
Awesome phone and great price!! 	1
"awesome phone and great buy, just what I was looking for, would buy from seller again."	1
"awesome phone  good size screen, excellent  screen  wifi built-in video camera.  excellent for surfing the Internet.  easy to use."	1
Awesome just what I needed came in time and was like new!! And great price  	1
Awesome features and excellent picture quality.	1
AWESOME EXPERIENCE. GREAT VALUE. PROMPT PAYMENT FOR PROMPT DELIVERY.  THANKS. I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS SELLER TO OTHERS AND BUY FOR THE SELLER AGAIN.	1
Awesome device...perfect condition..	1
Awesome device at awesome price.	1
Awesome  Thanks  	1
"Avoided Apple as too expensive many years.  Now that almost any flagship phone is going to cost $1000, gave the 7+ a try. Phone works great integrates into CarPlay in my car well.  Android Auto has never worked well in my car. Love the longer update periods as well.  Samsung and Google want to charge you a grand for a phone and stop giving you updates after 2 years. I have seen people rockin iPhone 6 with latest version of iOS. That phone came out in 2014. Also updates are straight from Apple to you.  No waiting for ATT or T-Mobile to update the update!"	1
Avoid this seller! Sold me a phone with a broken microphone!!  Scammer!!	0
"Avoid this phone, it restarts endlessly (in a loop) when its updated. When connected to wifi it tries to update its software only to become stuck in a endless loop of turning on and off again. "	0
autofocus didnt work.  battery got hot and very short life.  Otherwise seemed like a great phone.	0
"Aunque tuve que hacer la devolución del teléfono, no puedo indicar que fue por desperfectos o daños,  si no por razones personales ya que soy una persona con impedimentos físico y se me hacia difícil el poder manejarlo, le deseo lo mejor a este empresario y tengo la Fe en que Dios lo Bendecirá grandemente.  Sinceramente  Victor Vazquez, Paz y Bien Siempre "	1
Aún sigo esperando	0
"AT&T informs me that this phone CANNOT be activated as the SIM CARD is already active in an account somewhere else. Therefore it is useless unless i buy another SIM card so what's the point of my paying for this one. This is what happens when the SIM card and other info is on the OUTSIDE of the box. I don't know about battery life as i never really got to use the phone.but the instructions are incomplete as to accessing some functions. All in all this is a total POS, a total waste of money and time and the seller should be ashamed to offer it."	0
"At&amp;t carrier and the fact that this was the one my daughter picked out!Great for texting, and that is a plus because teens can burn up a phone!!Trust me. lol! Awsome sound! Excellent camera......honestly, better than my iphone 3gs(apple needs to work on that!)Small, dainty, more for a girl than guy.I have a 19,16,14,14,and 10 year olds and they have gone through some phones!Great value and price for around a hundred dollars,I paid 107.00 for a barely used one on ebay!Teens will love this phone.Very lightweight, but seems to be durable, I have good luck with like 5 out of 6 Lg phones, my mother gave them out for christmas last year."	1
At the moment am enjoying the services this product is giving me. 	1
AT first it worked perfectly. Then it turned black & white. And dropped calls halfway through. It did have very very long battery life. 	0
"At first it seems like an okay phone, however upon close inspection, this phone is very difficult to use and will not work very well (especially with obvious T-mobile Users). It&apos;s difficult to get signal and it uses up battery without any efficiency. Do not buy this phone if you are looking for an alternative."	0
At first it seemed nice untill connecting to wifi. Then constantly losing signal unless literally standing on top of router. And even then extremely slow. 	0
At first  it was great it worked but after 2 days the screen went black and will not work . U can her sounds but NO picture. Nothing happened on my end I had it in my hand when it happened. But I bought a used product so thats where I made a mistake on my part. Lesson learned 	0
"at a reasonable cost. It's fast enough, cheap enough, with triple minutes and a years worth of minutes for $120...Tracfone site would have cost $200 for same thing "	1
"Asus Zenfone 2 seems to have a problem of never turning on nor charging, this is a good example of buying a dead phone. Don't bother buying this piece of junk cause I tried everything I could to fix it, shame on you superglobalcentre for not checking your product before you sell it. (In this picture it shows the phone charging but nothing indicates that the phone really is charging)"	0
As stated  it was like new. Good price. Very pleased.	1
"As soon as I tried to put the SIM card in, the part that is supposed to help you put in the SIM card and SD card broke. This is a horrible phone.It's not a good buy."	0
"As soon as I get it activated, I will be happy with it. So far, I really like it."	1
"As professional reviewers have said, a great phone for the money. Activated on T-mobile with no problems. Screen is bright and gorilla glass hard. Screen size is a good compromise between visibility and size. I find the 5"" too small to read easily and the 7"" too bulky. Only minor drawback is that memory is smaller and gets filled quickly with apps (I'm not a huge app user). Even with an SD card you can't transfer most apps to the SD."	1
"As per today I didn&apos;t receive my phone. The phone is missing, the seller stated that he shipped the phone, but it never arrived at my address in Miami."	0
As of today my phone it is working relly good...  I took the phone in to Mexico and works perfect!  Wifi running fast and the best of this phone it is super light...	1
"AS OF 04/2016 this phone is antiquated.  The on screen keyboard is awful the space bar is very small so you end up sending texts with dots between each word.  The slide out keyboard is even worse same issue.  The phone is slow to power up at about 1.5 minuets to boot.  Battery lasts about 8 hours if I don't use it (I don't anymore I have it forwarded to a Galaxy).  Everyone I talk too on the phone says they cant understand me so sound quality is poor.  I purchased the phone in excellent condition whether new or refirb IDK.   The price is great if you can forward it and not have to use the hardware.  Works for me (I just needed hardware to activate a line and knew that in advance,) but in case you are considering it for everyday use - you'll be disappointed and most likely frustrated.   "	0
"AS noted the poor man selling the phone had post office mail problems , he mailed it to me and 3 to 4 weeks later still no phone arrived , so he addressed it with the post master as he sent it priority mail . On my receiving end he was very polite and issued me a full refund via pay pal . Thanks for asking as I had to purchase a new lg shine 720 from my local phone co at no charge for extending 2 years on my phone agreement @ A .T.T. Good old ma bell phone co.  The phone is great."	1
As my last upgrade was stolen I was stuck with an old Soni Ericcson.  When this one arrived people were saying I sounded a bit muffled.  I put this down to DPD chucking it around the van.  I must have been right as its working wonderfully now and is far better than my old phone.  I can use all the applications that I pay for in my 3 contract and think its FAB!  Thanks! Meow_!	1
As it&apos;s still remain in excellent cosmetic and good condition. Item just exactly as described and reasonable price.	1
"As it says in the title of the review, this is 100% false advertising! Completely untrustworthy. "	0
"As good as new, no scratches or marks of any kind"	1
"As far as phones go, this is an okay one; small enough to fit comfortably in one hand, though it does have a fair bit of heft for the size. Those who are transitioning from a feature phone like the Nokia 2610 can use this to learn the basics of working with a smartphone. With that being said, the Google Play Store is so massively out of date that it cannot be updated to the current version; which means that you're basically stuck with the apps exactly as they are. While the user interface is fairly snappy and responsive, simple apps like texting are actually really slow (specifically, the keyboard input portion). And battery life wasn't really that great either, at only 3.5 to 4 days on a charge (assuming minimal interaction). Granted, this is the Republic Wireless version, which keeps WiFi on all the time; and who knows what kind of keep-alive tactics they employ for maintaining the WiFi calling connection.  All in all, I'd say that this is a fairly decent stepping-stone device, maybe for an older relative who's stuck on a non-smartphone. Or it may be a cheap first phone for your kids. But personally, I can't use this as my daily driver; mostly due to the limited functionality of the outdated software, though the battery life is also a major issue."	0
As described. Works well.	1
As described. Mom likes it 	1
As described. Good condition and works great this far. Thanks	1
As described. Fast ship	1
As described great condition. 	1
"As described brand new sealed, very responsive seller. I would buy again from this seller. "	1
"As all devices or almost all of them, the galaxy note legacy is still the best (in its type with electronic pencil and other features) smart phone in the market (for me). No complain and not much to say about the Galaxy Note 8, if the people wants a full review go to you tube and go for it. I'm with the family of the galaxy notes, my first smart phone was the note 2 and still I'm with them, no other device from other brand, Samsung is the company which I follow since 10 years ago, and I'm not thinking in change it for others 5 or 10 years."	1
As advertised! Great source!	1
as advertised good seller	1
As Advertised ...................................................................................................................................................................................................................................	1
"As a nurse I got this phone and immediately after charging realized it charged only a few hours at a time and you had to jiggle charging poet, took to  who confirmed port had, fixable for $150, opened a return, waited 2 days, layer return accepted & I was to return phone at my time & expense.  Took phone to   to wipe clean and they stated the PHI/HIPAA info on my patience does not ever completely go away & can be retrieved.  So to protect my patients, I paid to have port fixed!  Praying phone is truly now mine, as it was also assigned to another iTunes account.  BEWARE! "	0
"As a newbie to the Note, all I can say is wow. It&apos;s features  are great. If you like pictures, they are professional quality. If you like apps, the Android market has so many freebies. If you want to use the internet, it&apos;s like a mini computer. I can just go on my phone without needing a laptop. The only issue is the size. I knew it was big but I had no clue. Watching videos is a breeze. I would suggest that you get accessories for this phone. The back is flimsy and a bluetooth is needed. There is no way I can hold it in one hand and talk on it for hours."	1
Artículo equivocado  Yo compre un grand prime gris Y me mandaron un core prime blanco Es decir un celular completamente diferente a la descripción. 	0
"Artículo bloqueado, inservible e ineficiente."	0
Arrived very fast. Just as expected 	1
Arrived quickly and works perfectly.	1
"Arrived quick, worked great. Very pleased, will do business with again. Purchased this for my mother, who is a senior citizen and she uses this phone daily."	1
Arrived promptly and in perfect working order. Fast action and great price. Would definetly deal with seller again.	1
Arrived promptly and in perfect working order. Fast action and great price. Would definetly deal with seller again.	1
"Arrived on time. No battery or charger(as described) when I installed the battery and charged it all I got was one vertical line. ,The unit was totally non functional."	0
"Arrived on time, exactly as described and very happy with purchase. "	1
Arrived on time in new condition.	1
Arrived on time but missing battery and back door a picture should have been posted	0
Arrived just as described. Great condition and functions just fine. Seller worked with me when I had questions and responded promptly.  Would definitely buy again from this seller.	1
Arrived in original box and well before arrival date. Thank you.	1
"Arrived in mint condition. Screen very bright and clear, reception great, battery life excellent! Highly recommend both the phone and seller. "	1
Arrived in good time... I love it... It&apos;s my third one. Works great...!!! All the apps and phone response leave me in awe once again.	1
"Arrived fast, minor issue trying to activate it but this was quickly resolved by the seller when I messaged them. I would definitely purchase from them again. All around awesome deal."	1
"Arrived early, new in box. My son was thrilled!"	1
"Arrived before it was due, condition was perfect, all set to original factory settings. Very fast perfectly working phone at a great price. Couldn't be happier."	1
"Arrived 4 days before schedule, in amazing condition (listed as fair), but only one blemish on entire phone. Added to network without any issues. Great seller. Fast response time on communication as well "	1
"Are you going to put your life possibly your children's and spouses life in danger when your house goes up in flames. Is the seller going to compensate you for damages to whatever it may damage, property or person, I don't think so. Unless your going to buy this paper weight to power it down and hang it on the wall because you are an apple fan boy and have the money sure do it. Yes out of the whatever percentage of Note 7 have been defective so far how does this seller know this isn't one of them. It has happened to mostly phones that have had heavy use so if Samsung  didn't issue the recall over time they all probably would of went up in smoke due to the batteries wearing down even more. I had a note 7 and even though the experience size and design where top notch I was forced to switch to a another Samsung or get a full refund. After being an Android guy for well since they the original galaxy or maybe before decided to give the iPhone 7 a shot since AT&T had a few they just got a shipment of. I have to say all the Android fan boys out there you need to use iOS for a while because I am amazed at how much easier and how less little steps I have to take to get where I want to go.  But when thinking of buying a phone Samsung recalled twice and banned all sales you may want to thin"	0
"Are refurbish NOT NEW phones!!! not work, bad phones!!! i boug 8 and the 8 not work!!!"	0
Apple is the best	1
Apple IPhone 4s A1387  	1
"Apparently, luckycell thinks it's ok to try and sell parts they do not have. Purchased a camera from them for a rush order for a customer. Paid for expedited shipping to get the part quickly. Later that day, luckycell comes back stating they don't have that part and they would get more in at a later date. Frustrated.. I went back to find the part from another vendor, and luckycell still had the listing for the cameras as active and up. "	0
Appareil défectueux. Retour au fournisseur. Envoi d&apos;un second appareil. Batterie défectueuse remplacée à mes frais. Plus de deux mois de dsicussions de &quot;marchands de tapis&quot;.	0
Aparatos nuevos en excelentes condiciones si llegaron en tiempo y forma adecuada	1
"Ao contrário do informado, o celular adquirido veio bloqueado. Não consigo fazê-lo funcionar. A assistência técnica da Apple no Brasil constatou defeito na placa-mãe, impedindo o aparelho de funcionar. "	0
Anyone buying this for more than $500 will be ripped of. 	0
Any cell phone that is older than 2 years old will not hold a good charge. Don't recommend buying. 	0
antes de pujar vi que el anuncio decia envio gratis	0
Android was locked. There is no way to unlock the OS unless I have the previous owners Google account credentials. This locking is a feature of Android.	0
An old school delight!!!	1
An improvement on my old phone. Much more capability and versatility. I like the camera zoom and also the ablity to add storage so now I can play my music and watch movies when I travel and not take a separate camera and mp3 player. Cool	1
An honest seller is all i can say. Respect to you. Stay an honest seller. Item #:152766424552 	1
An awesome cell phone. Excellent condition and works great. Excellent seller. A+	1
"an article will recommend it to anyone who fence to use, something wonderful"	1
"AN AMAZING VERIZON MESSAGING PHONE!    I had, owned the LG VX5400 prior to owning this wonderful phone. I purchased it because I was in the market for a new device, and my contract was up. I have used many smartphones and QWERTY keyboarded phones, so I decided on another one (even though my last was not a qwerty).     As soon as I got this phone I really thought of the ENV9900. This was my last eNV phone that I had owned, and because of me washing it was left with the 5400. I immediately fell in love with the keyboard, and the amount of messages this can hold is simply amazing as well.     The camera is the best of any 3.2 MP camera I have seen. Because I have had cell phones, my digital camera was only a 3.2 MP (old camera) and I thought it had good shots. I actually resorted to putting it in a drawer and using this for full time imaging and pictures if that tells you something. No issues here. Recommended 100%"	1
An all around great phone. 	1
"Amazing, more than I expected, it&apos;s really full features phone: WiFi, GPS, motroblur, QWERTY, touchscreen, 5 mp camera, Android, etc. Sound quallity and level are higher than Atrix, GPS works better too. Has very good materials, it keyboard is comfortable and easy to use. Can be upgradable to android Froyo or gingerbread! for it&apos;s price and quallity it&apos;s a really good option...has everything"	1
"Amazing, exactly what was advertised"	1
Amazing smartphone. SMooth display and very handy. For someone who has a small budget for a smartphone this is the right one.HTC Rocks.	1
Amazing seller. Communication was great. Everything was on point.  I would definitely come back for business again. Thank you	1
"Amazing seller, you can totally buy with confidence. The phone is extremely in good condition. "	1
AMAZING PRODUCTS    OMG A++ PRODUCT    NEVER HAD ANY ISSUES WITHT HIS PHONE    ALWAYS WORKS FOR BOOST    NEVER SHALL I EVER TRY ANOTHER PHONE	1
Amazing price and very fast shipping too. +++++	1
Amazing photos! It has a great camera! 	1
Amazing phone-they have all been recalled. Do not buy !!!!!!!!!!!	0
Amazing Phone. Sleek and sexy look with major props given for performance. Love my Samsung S7 Edge!!!	1
"Amazing phone, recommend it to all Android lovers. Good quality, lightweight Android version and really powerful."	1
"Amazing phone, but buy it from the OnePlus site. It's 400$ there, direct from the manufacturer. New."	1
AMAZING PHONE WILL NOT REGRET! AMAZING SELLER!!!!	1
amazing long lasting battery life!	1
Amazing buy it if you can	1
Am waiting for my refund I have  returned this item 	0
Am primit telefonul cu defecte de producator.si nici informatii cu privire la garantie nu am primit.deci nu va recomand sa aruncati banii in vint.	0
Am a fun of Alcatel Idol phones so for someone who had an alcatel Idol Alpha now Idol 5S....No complaints....	1
always white screenI always need restart	0
"Always preferred the affordability of android systems but this phone is like an iOS in disguise  , Google has hit it out of the park with this phone!"	1
"Always is nice buying with this seller, fast shipping good communication "	1
"Always has been one of my favorites. My wife use to have this phone so I found one on eBay that was in immaculate shape. Super fast, sleek design.  100% awesome!!  My iPhone can kick rocks. Lol  "	1
"Always a great experience shopping from Breed! Great packaging, super quick delivery, and most of all, item as described or even better. Trillion stars********* One of, if not my favorite ebay Seller. Always recommended. "	1
"Although water proof is very handy, this phone is a step backwards about 4 years and is really slow. "	0
"Although this phone is amazing, please be aware that you CANNOT activate this phone with Verizon Wireless in the U.S. This phone takes a SIM card and can&apos;t be activated by Verizon Wireless in the states."	0
"Although this phone is a USCellular phone, us cellular no longer accepts the G4. "	0
"Although this one is small in comparison to the ""newer"" phones, it has all of the plusses that they have. Would highly recommend it to someone looking to purchase their first iphone."	1
"Although this could now be considered an ""older"" model smartphone, it's a very good phone.  We have used this phone for about 4 years.  I dropped mine in the ocean, so I bought another one on ebay to replace it because it's such a good phone.  It does everything.  There may be newer models that are better or faster at this point, but this was the best phone I have owned, so far.  It has good battery life, unless you leave various features turned on.  Then the battery life could be sucked down quickly.  But I have been able to use this phone all day without charging it, if I turn on ""battery saving mode.""  Very easy to use, a lot of storage, and an excellent camera.  "	1
"although the seal was at one end , everything in the box was as expected . Nice phone at a great value and the gift (this phone) was a hit no complaints from the receiver "	1
"Although the product arrived in great condition, the microphone did not work.  Callers could not hear me, but I could hear them crystal clear.  Would I recommend?  No, for a good phone, but bite the bullet and get a newer one that works."	0
"Although seller seems reputable and has a 100% rating, the phone was sold as &quot;no returns,&quot; and it worked for about a week. This phone was sent to family member out-of-state, this unreliable phone has created a huge problem.  I am disappointed that I cannot even return the phone as it was a &quot;no returns,&quot; item. so, buyer beware, make sure sellers are willing to take &quot;lemons&quot; back."	0
"Although not as powerful as newer models, the Galaxy S5 is still a great phone!  Personally, I like knowing should I ever need to change out my battery, it's a simple procedure, unlike the galaxy s6 or s7. The camera takes sharp clear pictures. And the average selling price on ebay makes this phone a great value."	1
Although mine was used as a whole I love my iPhone 5s. My battery life is great I can go all day on one charge and I am always doing something on my phone. It's small which is great because I fits in my pocket with no problem but not too small to where I lose it. I love Apple devices to it was no problem syncing it to my lifestyle. 	1
"Although item listed as used,it was better than expected. Item was in excellent condition!!!   Cudos to the seller"	1
although in the first delivery they sent the wrong model they went the extra step to help me get the right item i was looking for. would definitely buy from them again.	1
Although I thought the phone was also ok to use with T-Mobile the sim card does not work in it. Have not used this phone since purchase becouse of this problem.	0
Although I just got this phone but had a Huawei 7 . It seems like the look and feel are a tad bit better on the 8 over the 7 . Must say that the 7 still is a very nice phone and will be expecting the 8 to do just as good of an experience .	1
"Although I do believe this is a great phone, the one I received was defective. The screen went screwy 6 weeks after purchase. Somehow it fixed itself, then just a few months after that the battery went bad. A short time after that the screen stopped responding completely. The cost to repair is more than the cost of the phone. Now all that  being said I stand behind Samsung completely. My daughter also had the Galaxy S5 Active she has never had any trouble and she loved her phone. I am actually using her old S5 while I wait for my new Samsung Galaxy S8 to arrive."	1
also too much chinese language that i never understand	0
Already returned phone.  I did not know that you had to use their service.  I thought you could just insert sim and use phone.  I cannot afford to pay up front deposit & pay to get out of present contract.   It's a shame because phone looked great with large numbers.	0
already owned one that got damaged. Needed a replacement. Since I already knew how it worked and liked it I wanted another just like it. The price was right for me.	1
Already liked this product very much.  This was a replacement for one I went swimming with.	1
almost sucks uses language that makes no sense to me and it uses lots of apps --I HATE apps. imagine buying a new car and you open your truck and it has 200 lbs of steel waste soldered to the truck metal.	0
"Almost have no internal memory, camera can't take decent pictures. I don't take this cellphone even for free. "	0
"Alltel has had so much trouble with this phone they have pulled it from their shelves. Mine lasted for 2 weeks before it died. The phone powered itself down, it would not charge it would not power up, it was just dead! Alltel would not give me another, and I was informed they would no longer offer the AX490 for sale. While it worked it was actually a pretty decent little phone. Average reception and the Tap keys were really cool."	0
"All those reviews is fake, this guy is trying set up different ebay account and never take money by Paypal.all he did open the new ebay account and make you pay over another account than paypal, after you paid him, he shut down every account on ebay and another one so you cant contact him for for ship and delivery of your phone . Will wait forever that you have not get the phone but lost your money so dont play with him..this is scam.so be becarefull when you buy.  "	0
"All the pictures of this product were the ones of a S7 edge and what they were really selling was a regular one, and of course that's what I got. I feel cheated and I'll sell them both by myself but you can be sure I'll never buy anything else from you."	0
All the awesomeness that is an iPhone7	1
"All sellers offering only 24 months warranty, our company offering for buyers 36 months garanty. If phone will have A problem we will pay for shipping costs."	1
all seem to be fine	1
All scratched and beat up 	0
"All Samsung Galaxy Note 7 phones have been discontinued by samsung.  Return the phone to your carrier and you will receive a full refund.  If you bought it second party, contact Samsung for a refund.  DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE AS IT IS RECALLED - BOTH NEW AND OLD VERSION!"	0
"All perfectly, good phone, fast delivery."	1
"All my other phones have been lost, so I keep going back to my faithful VX7000.  It has lasted 7 years, so I purchased a backup one for when the first fails."	1
"All I wanted when I bought this phone was a phone.  My criteria was simple.  It needed good call quality, good reception, big buttons and a reasonable replacement cost.  I really don&apos;t care about smart phones, or gizmo&apos;s and gadgets.  The phone is sturdy, reliable and doesn&apos;t look too bad either.  I like the invisible display on the front.  For me simple is better."	1
"All I can say is that you should never buy it from ebay.   Buy it from genuine store you can trust. I screwed up twice with this product.   1st one, never reached to my hand, second one, I was sent by seller factory refurbished product. Chinese letter on it and It looks cheap."	0
All cheap flimsy glass. Otherwise cool phone. However it will crack/break/not work/scratch etc. FYI. Go for a newer model	0
All buttons fell off within 2 weeks. 	0
"Al teléfono no le dura mucho la batería, la pantalla está amarillenta y fea, no puedo iniciar sesión en Messenger y la versión de Instagram está pésima. También en la pantalla se le ve como una marca de agua de la pantalla de inicio"	0
al 100 funcionando	1
"Ainda n~ao testei o celular, mas espero que esteja nas condicoes que o vendedor especificou no anuncio."	1
"After working with cell phones for a while, i was usually a fan of &quot;phones&quot; not TOYS. A phone should be used for calls, what good is a cell phone if has &quot;bells and whistles&quot; but its reception is terrible, the battery dies right away? If you want a digital camera, buy one not a cell phone, if you want so many features, get a LAPTOP not a Blackberry, unless you are one of those few people who actually require one for business, where a laptop is too much. I actually fell for the T809&apos;s toyish features, but SAMSUNG is THE manufacturer of cell phones nowadays. Reception is great on their phones, battery life is at least above average, and they are user friendly in design. Knowing this myself i asked others who also worked in the cell phone industry and they all agreed that my new phone should be a Samsung. The T509 was also enticing because it was a candy bar style phone, which usually have much better reception to begin with as opposed to a flip phone, the &quot;sophomore&apos;s&quot; primary choice of cell phones. Those who KNOW and worked with cell phones tend to back away from flips ;)Well the T809 is a &quot;slider&quot; phone and helps maintain a small(er) size by sliding instead of flipping. The Phone is very light and quite thin considering it is two &quot;layers&quot;. Also factor in its HUGE plus, the Amazingly clear and large screen. Everyone who looks at my background picture is absolutely amazed by the picture quality. The 1.3 megapixel camera provides the sharp image. Overall, considering the phone is somewhat sensitive to movement (shaky hands / or the object being captured moves) and no flash and sometimes dark images, i am more than pleased with it. I think one if this phones greatest features is the fact that it can record videos of up to an hour. Couple this with the fact that you can put a SD Micro memory card inside, with with sizes of 1, 2 or even 3 Gigabytes, this phone can do alot of recording. I have taken entire 4th of July firework shows so i know that the phone can at least record for close to half an hour, as long as you keep all you data off the phone memory and put it to you memory card as soon as possible. The 80MB internal memory is more than enough for the average user. Multimedia nuts, like myself, NEED a memory card to store all the videos and pictures and MP3s. Another hint is that this phone &quot;allows&quot; the use of MP3s as ringtones. The secret is to copy the file you want to the MUSIC folder of your memory card, but RENAME the file extension from &quot;song&quot;.mp3 to &quot;song&quot;.3gp, unplug your data cable which came WITH the phone (Another BEAUTIFUL plus with this phone, and the fact that you can charge your phone from the USB connection!) and then find that .3gp file on the memory card and &quot;MOVE TO PHONE&quot;. find the file in MY MUSIC on the phone it is a usable ringtone, DRM has been defeated &gt;;) . Basically, i never liked &quot;fancy&quot; phones, but this phone actually performs as a PHONE, texting is easy with T9, and it remembers your custom entries. Nothing is really bad about the phone, just that it doesnt have a &quot;Memo&quot; or Notepad type deal that you can specifically keep notes in like a Nokia phone would. But it DOES have calendar with reminders, It features AUTO POWER ON for the 2 alarms AND the wake up call, which snoozes every five minutes up to five times. and you can wake up to your favorite MP3. Anything that this phone isnt 5 stars on, as far as missing or degraded features, the OVERALL phone makes up for it all and then some. 5/5 EXCELLENT!"	1
After winning a bid I received a prompt message for payment yet it took them 2 weeks to finally ship the item. They create the shipping label in order to receive their money quick but don't take the same initiative to deliver. Very unpleasant experience on eBay thus far.	0
"After using this product is really wonderful, its AMOLED screen is really stunning.  it is well worth the smart-phone that will come out soon"	1
"After unlocking it, it can only make calls from speaker, the ear speaker doesn't work at all"	0
"After two months the phone would not charge. Also, the phones speakers were defective, Some incoming calls never rang,  Outgoing calls never rang before they were answered, Alarm would not work. I have been a Blu fan for a long time but with this one I got a dud  "	0
"after the first day the charger stop working  and by the third day  the phone start to malfunction , what a wast of money . this phone cost me just under $400. 00 ,it is still under a week i got this phone and it is of  no use to me "	0
AFTER THE EXPERIENCE I HAD ON EBAY I WILL NO LONGER PURCHASE ANY MORE ITEMS ON EBAY BECAUSE THE ITEM WAS NOT AS IT WAS DESCRIBED AND I WAS NOT HAPPY WITH THE TRANSACTION	0
"After seeing the phone being sold for, $67, and making my purchase.  I was contacted by the seller saying the price was actually $82.  Very unprofessional."	0
"After ruining 3 phones to the pool, I ordered this waterproof phone. Nice features too like the fm radio. It is real easy to use."	1
After receiving this phone I used it for about a week and I realise a lot of strange numbers coming up in my phone so I took it to and expect and he told me the reason for the numbers is cause the phone was not new and the number or from the person that had it before this is a bad company to buy from and they need to explain to me 	0
"After receiving my phone I tried to have it added to my service (since it was ""unlocked""). But, come to find out it was not unlocked. Huge waste of time and held up my funds for 2 weeks..."	0
"After reading several reviews online, it appears this is the best phone for assurance wireless. So that&apos;s why I got it ...  The camera feature is decent. Easy to text. Battery life decent. Fairly tough exterior (i&apos;m a klutz and it&apos;s surviving me). Excellent screen lock feature. No pocket dialing.     True it&apos;s no iPhone or android, but seeing as neither of those is an option with assurance wireless it&apos;s the best you can get. And I like it. :)    Plus it&apos;s fairly easy to find screen guards and cases for this model. So that&apos;s a nice plus."	1
"After placing an order with this guy, I never heard back from him. I contacted him many many times...no response"	0
"After payment of the goods sent a message ""The paypal account of mine that you sent me the money to is currently not working, so i refunded your money can you please let me know if you recieved the refund and then ill let you know how i want you to send the money back to me i have your item ready to ship with your address on it and everything and plan on droping it off at the post office first thing in the morning just needa get the payment back sorry for the hassel""   "	0
"After paid, has cancelled.  "	0
"After owning a couple touchscreen phones and dealing with the screens not responding or accidentally being activated, I wanted an easy to use smartphone with buttons. I did some research and found the blackberry pearl to fit my needs exactly: bar phone, buttons, smaller size, long battery life, and a current model. The phone I won was used, but in excellent condition. I have not had a single problem with the phone in the couple months I have owned it. It (knock on wood) has not frozen yet, it holds its charge for 3 days with a large amount of texting and emailing. When I talk on the phone for an extended period of time, the battery will usually last jut over 2 days. The suretype texting took some getting used to, but I can text faster than I could on the touchscreen phones I owned before. One of the few downsides would be the size of the screen. You have to zoom in a lot to view a webpage and you can only see a small window of the page at one time; however, that is to be expected with a small phone like this.   For a busy college student who treats her phone like an appendage, the pearl does what it needs to without going overboard. I don&apos;t need a million apps or the latest games, just the basic call/text features, email, wifi, and reliability."	1
"After one month of usage from the date of purchase, the phone started acting weird. The applications disappeared and i could not find them. After that,a few weeks later, the phone seemed to be starting to work again. But as soon as i download any apps, the phone fails to work. It seems like this phone only works when you make phone calls. And $120 that i spent on my phone, it is totally not worth it. When buying this phone, i planned on a a great messaging, gaming, and web browsing experience. But that didn&apos;t happen. This only leaves me with one question: was this phone tampered with or originally new before i bought it?"	0
"After my Nexus 5 took a spin in the washer, I replaced it with a Nexus 5x. Great phone for a great price."	1
After multiple attempts to let the company make good of there word they did not. Received phone would not stay on... Returned... Received phone 2... Would not come on... Received new battery.... Phone came on ... Hardly any reception.... Had a service tech examine phone.... It had internal screws missing and front of phone had been replace before I received it .... The phone was described as new upon purchase. It is not new nor does it work . The service is so poor that I have to use my old phone. I am very disappointed in this company's ability to send out quality merchandise!!!!!!	0
"After looking at several Sony Ericsson models, I decided to get the C702 because of its attractive design and size (4.2&quot; x 1.9&quot; x 0.6&quot;).  I love everything about my C702:  the fact that I can use Google&apos;s exclusive location software, Google&apos;s Navigation software, text messages, any email server (e.g., Yahoo!, AOL, or ATT), record videos, take pictures with its 3.2 Cyber-Shot camera, save the pictures and the video on a micro card, update the software either from the phone itself or through my personal computer, make video calls to other cell phones featuring video calling capabilities, and many other awesome features.  You will not regret buying this cell phone!  Amazon has the U.S. version available on its Web site, but it&apos;s over $400.00!  So, you may want to stick with the European or Asian versions."	1
"After just two months function of the article failed,ghost touches of the digitizer. The Display is ok,would not repurchase this item and would not recommend it to others. Is my opinion, everyone must decide it for himself."	0
"After initial problems of sellers lack of willingness to work with customers abroad (meaning not from his country), the phone listed above is not the one I got at all. After resolving the issue with seller and appointing the price accordingly, he took the liberty of increasing the price on his own (for shipping costs as it seems). On top of all, the device is pretty beaten up with cracks all over the battery cover and few noticeable scratches on the display, which was not mentioned in the description of the product. 2 stars only because of swift delivery and not recommending this seller at all. "	0
"After I wasted my time tracking the auction, and having won, the seller sent me an email saying that the phone was stolen and it was not for me to make the payment.  "	0
"After I received the phone, it did not work properly so I securely packaged it and requested for a return. I did not get a full refund because they claimed I sent the phone with a scratch  on the body?? Do not buy from this seller, this is such a scam."	0
"After I received the phone, I notice it would not charge with the adapter they sent. I try other chargers and nothing work.  The phone was only half charge.  I called vendor and told them about the problem, they told me that every phone is inspected before leaving the shop.  Well, they miss that one, so I return the phone and the sent me a replacement phone. The phone they sent didnt have a charger adapter at all.  I had to purchase a charger, after purchasing the charger I had it activated at a cricket store, and the store personnel informed me the phone had water damage, at this point I was fed up and didn&apos;t want to do anymore business with this vender."	0
"After I received the phone I found out that it is not GPS compatible and therefore is not allowed to be used. US Cellular told me no one can use that phone, because all phones must be GPS compatible. the phone was very mush misrepresented. I returned it for a refund but have not heard anything from anybody. I suppose I can kiss that money good bye. Can you help ? ? ?"	0
"AFTER I PURCHASED THE PHONE , I HAD METRO PCS ACTIVATE THE PHONE, WELL I COULDENT SEND OR RECEIVE ANY PICTURE MESSAGES OR VIDEO, I HAD TAKEN THE PHONE TO METRO WITHIN A DAY OR SO, AGAIN, METRO CORP, STORE COULD NOT MAKE THE PIC OR VIDEO WORK, I EMAILED THE SELLER AND ASKED FOR FULL REFUND CAUSE METRO PCS SAYS ITS A FACTORY DEFECT PHONE.AND INSIDE PRODUCTION DATE, HAS THIS PHONE OVER 2 YEARS OLD , NO INSTRUCTION BOOK CAME WITH THE PHONE. ITS A JUNK PHONE DONT BUY ONE."	0
"After having to buy two phones because the first was mailed to the wrong address and the sender refused the change of address, the phone is okay. Better than first turbo in speed but shatter proof screen is made of a soft material that scratches easily. Also the ""good"" condition mentioned. The phone had a good amount of dings and dents in it. So not exactly the easy nice refurbished phone they described."	0
After few hours it's dead.	0
After countless emails sent from my end I get a response offering exchange.  After confirming exchange nothing happens.  Do not deal with this seller.	0
"after buying the phone on June 22, 2012 it worked great until July 30, 2012. Then the SD card slot went bad &amp; it won&apos;t recognize any SD card. So basically I threw away $115 on a phone that can&apos;t be used to take ANY pictures!"	0
"After being a diehard Android user and having owned nothing but Google Nexus products (Galaxy Nexus phone and Nexus 7 tablet) I switched to an iPhone primarily because I was tired of having two devices for music and phone. I thought I would give the iPhone a try. I am very impressed. iOS 7 is very fluid and smooth (much more so than Kit Kat 4.4). I can still sync my Google services such as contacts, calendar and mail with absolutely no problems. I feel like I have the best of both worlds. I am going to have a tough time going back to Android.I like the smaller phone as it easily fits and can be used by one hand.     I never thought I would like the iPhone but I am quickly becoming a dedicated convert. I may possibly convert to iPad in the future."	1
"After attempting to use this phone for two days I finally gave up and purchased a new phone.  While the phone has a nice size and is relatively fast for an older phone, this was the most glitchy phone I have ever used.  The phone would turn off and back on again for no apparent reasons.  This was quite annoying in the middle of the night as it would happen many time while trying to sleep.  The phone would also lock up often and sometimes would just leave me with a blue screen.  All attempts at rebooting or turning the phone off failed and since the battery is not removable and the reset would not work I would have to wait for the battery to die before I could use it again.  If this phone would have worked it would have been awesome however it's now just an expensive paperweight. "	0
After almost a month later I have finally returned the phone that was completely a waste of time due the fact is was already activated under someone else's account. And then they only REFUNDED HALF MY MONEY. 	0
"After accepting my offer and payment was made unable to ship the phone as promised. I posted payment immediately, and contacted the seller to ship the phone. Seller stated that it has been already shipped but unable to provide tracking #. Seller changed mind and make it look like I requested to cancel the transaction. Not a trusted seller. "	0
After about two weeks the phone stop receving calls. I took it to a verizon location and they said it could not be fixed. Don&amp;apos;t waste your money on this one	0
After about a year a pink line started appearing faintly & intermittently down the length of the screen on the right side. It gradually became brighter & permanent. 	0
After a month of using this phone and went back to my android. This phone was super slow and outdated. 	0
"After a month of use, the phone died. Seller was to refund $50.00 towards the cost of a replacement battery. Two batteries and three months later I am still waiting. Junk."	0
"after a month I was begged to wait 7-9 days so I did. no contact from the seller since that email or phone in my hands either after the wait, I emailed the seller back and no response. horrible, I've been without a phone this whole time and had to get another one."	0
"After a bad experience with another seller, I was hesitant to buy from E-bay again, but I wanted a phone and could only get it from E-bay sellers got screwed once buy DIFFERENT seller. Seller restore my faith on E-bay. As far as other seller still waiting on E-bay and PayPal to come thru."	1
After 41 days this phone stopped taking a charge. And because it goes over the 41 day ebay gaurantee they will not trade for another  phone. All the seller can say is try plugging it in a different way. We have been Samsung users for many many years and never had a phone just no longer charge after 41 days. It's obviously defective and the seller doesn't care. Just check other reviews...	0
"After 25 days  of bought this cell ,screen come with some funny issues and start to come green and green and green ..now the cell start to come black . The funny thing is this company just give you a month of refund so no money back ..and i have to deal with a insurance company..I feel that this cell was rebuilt and,sell like new I'm not happy this not should not happen with a new cell phone ."	0
"After 2 weeks, the entire right side of the screen stopped responding. Never fell never, never scratched, scuffed or dropped. Very buggy and infested with bloatware."	0
"Advertised as new phone, but when i tried to activate it, Verizon couldn't because previous owner hadn't released unit. Absolutely useless. "	0
"Advertised > Verizon - Verizon tech, said that phone is not comparable with their system."	0
"Added a line to Sprint account, got free phone which I didn&apos;t like and have always liked Blackberry."	1
"Add says New, definitely not. Headphones not clean or new. Battery barely lasts the day."	0
"Ad clearly indicated it was the USA model. However, I was sent the Chinese version that does not work in USA"	0
"Actually, this is a good cell phone.  But I could not use it in Las Cruces.  I like to return it if possible.    Thank you,    ablimitabdiryim@yahoo.com"	1
Actually the seller has fooled me. He selled me a phone which does not match the product detils advertised for the product. I have paid for something wrongly advertised and i am loosing my money for nothing.	0
"Actually i haven&apos;t got the item paypal stopped my transaction with my crdeitcard and deposit the money back  to my credit card why paypal stopped the transaction and cancelled the ordere,hate paypal, icant buy international products please do some thing about this issue or change to other bank like paisapay etc"	0
Actually I have not had any problems other than having to change carriers since the phone I purchased was for cricket and it turned out to be for verizon when I received it.  Had to pay to have it flashed so it was not too good of an experience with this phone.  I believe that says it all.  No other problems since I flashed it to cricket.	1
"Actually I bought this cell phone for my son who is in another country. Well, from what I learnt from my son the phone is working great and no complaints so far. I would like to say its so far so good. No problems."	1
"actually he put on the tital used phone and in the discription he put faulty i just read the tital and condition used then i bid but it was wrong the phone was faulty he didnot mention on top so price was too much as faulty thats why i didnot pay for this phone, thats the only reason i never pay for this item, thanks a lot.   sajid"	0
Accurate in that it didn't work.   Disappointed to find water damage made it useless for any parts.   I guess I was the sucker born that day	0
Accurate description. Fast shipping. Thank you.	1
Accurate description phone works great	1
According to Sprint this phone was not even worth the shipping and handling. But i can play the bubble game. Sprint could not get the phone up and running. I really wasted money having just being out of work and needing the phone for my new job.	0
"Absolutly love it, it has a great battery life, awesome response, and just get a couple of mods, wich are a goo complement to the phone."	1
ABSOLUTELY THE WORST STORE I HAVE EVER PURCHASED FROM! TWO AND THREE DAY SHIPPING IS A JOKE. CUSTOMER SERVICE IS RUDE AS EVER AND THEYRE JUST SELLING STUFF THEY ARE BUYING FROM AMAZON AND HAVING AMAZON SHIP TO YOU WHICH IS NOT ALLOWED ON EBAY! DEFINITELY GO SOMEWHERE ELSE TO PURCHASE!!	0
Absolutely the best phone to update to that can still fit in a pocket!	1
"absolutely rubbish phone even for a first phone for a child the buttons are hard to press the camera is very very poor quality,pictures that are taken are no good at all all blurry and not able to make out the picture,ring tones are very basic battery life is less than 1 day if the phone is not used at all and just left turned on if you use the phone it only lasts about 4 hours,would not recomend this phone to anyone at all its very poor quality for money a total waste of manufacturers time making it absolutely useless.."	0
"Absolutely love this device, great buy for a good price and delivered sooner then expected"	1
"Absolutely hate this phone! No memory, phone won&apos;t allow apps to be put on SD card. ATT unable to help.  Lost my ringers, it&apos;s difficult to use. I won&apos;t even give it to my kid.  Just bought an iPhone. Can&apos;t wait til it arrives.  Throwing my Samsung Doubletime in the trash!"	0
Absolutely fantastic the battery life is better than any other phone i have. My love of phones are Nokia i think they are the best and i have several as i am a bit of a collector of mobile phones	1
"Above the expectation! Arrived a day earleir than expected.  In beyond perfect condition even though it was only listed as ""good"" it was like brand new! "	1
"About 1 year ago, US Cellular stopped supporting pre-paid US Cellular phones for customers who had contracts.  The phone I purchased was not a normal contract phone but a pre-paid phone that is useless.  It can not be connected to US Cellular network.  I believe that the seller should have known this.  Also, the charger that was included did not work.  I&apos;m out the $25.00 and have a dilemma - If I return the useless phone, how do I know that it won&apos;t get re-sold to another person allowing the scam to continue.  Maybe it was a mistake by the seller, but if it was he was selling more than one phone of this type and I am sure he must of heard from other buyers."	0
Abhorrent customer service and unbelievably slow shipping. Do not buy!	0
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa	1
A++++++++++++...................................................................................................................................................................	1
A+++++ very good customer service and overall I was super satisfied with the purchase and I will be doing more business with you guys again and will recommend you to others	1
A+++++ GREAT TO DEAL WITH	1
"A+++ tthe Itim arrived on time, it was just like the description! firm price!   responsive seller!  thanks  "	1
A+++ seller answered all my questions and shipped product super fast would recommend this seller to everyone!	1
A+++ Great communication with me and just easy seller to deal with! Will continue to purchase from this seller in future! Thank you! 	1
"A+++ better than described, works great. Thank you "	1
"A++ Seller, phone is in as advertised condition, great communications, would do business with again."	1
"A++ definitely a great product! Great cosmetic condition, plus it got here 2 days early! Excellent seller! Will definitely buy from them again!! "	1
A+ to infinity  thank you	1
"A+ seller, quick delivery, great value"	1
A+ grade phone. 5*	1
"A.)  Battery life is horrible!  If on the phone too long: listening to music for example, it will heat up and kill the battery.   B.)  Wifi: Everyone around me is able to connect to the wifi, no problem.  C.)  Service:  I have experienced drop calls, and I have difficulty finding reception.  "	0
"A) I bought for my kids  B) I do not like the product because I have not been here in my country enabled RD because they knew that when &quot;TracFone&quot; say they serve here. According explained to me on the telephone office that these phones work with an antenna of lowest frequency used in my nation.  C) There would buy this product again because it has to be a warning from the seller with such information to users of ebay so we can buy with greater confidence, because now I lost the cost of the 2 devices and what the shipping cost to the Dominican Republic, as a customer I am very dissatisfied, is money wasted."	0
"ª""ª""¯¯ª¨.`*. Amazing the best, very fast with the shipment, excellent seller .*.¨ª¯¯""ªThanks!"	1
"A week after I received the phone, the screen started messing up, wouldn't register I was touching it, the camera opens whenever it feels like it. "	0
a waste of money	0
A very nice color Apple did a good job in designing the very sexy & luxury Red color it suppose to add the ladies in cosmetic of her dress and jewelry. It is a hot product and very high demand. Just like the jet black at it first introduction.	1
a very great product... it works very well.  i love it... the phone was brand new and exceeded my expectations...  i was also very impressed at how soon the telephone was delverd me... hats off to the seller... i am very satisfied	1
"A very good seller, it is worth recommending, look forward to the next cooperation!"	1
A very good buy and a fabulous seller	1
"A truly reliable mobile phone. Only one flaw though. Contrary to what was indicated, it does NOT support a FM Radio, at least not one that doesn't use data. Prior models from the same maker did though. "	1
A ton of features without the huge price tag	1
A replacement phone as the battery is no good. Now they want me to send it back and be without a phone? How am I going to stay in contact afrer phone was send back???? 	0
A Quite Sylish Phone for its price.  Nice feel to it and fits into the pocket quite well.  If you do not want all the technical stuff then this phone is worth looking at.	1
A phone that dosen't even work and your asking for $199?? wow what a rip off	0
"A phone not worth it:    CRASHED TONS WHENEVER EMAILS WOULD COME IN I WOULD HAVE TO SEND/RECEIVE, PUSH EMAIL STOPPED WORKING WITHIN THE YR I OWNED THIS PHONE. THE BATTERY WAS OK- NOT THE BEST- BUT WITH ANY SMARTPHONE BATTERY LIFE HAS BEEN CONSIDERED SOMETHING THAT STILL IS SLIM (MY IPHONE DRAINS TONS TOO) i would get it if you are already owning a smartphone that is a little bit more laggier then this."	0
"A phone in this condition doesnt belong here! Why will someone buy a phone the is broke and in terrible condition like this? Is ridiculous trying to have or make a sale out of something that has no value or worth nothing, put this in the garbage! Cant believe what people would do just to get money! This needs to change!"	0
a phone i ordered it didn&apos;t work on my t-mobile sim card i tried on different sim cards but it still didn&apos;t work.I like the phone but it does&apos;t work so it worthless for me. the phone still sit on my desk.	0
a perfect smartphone!	1
"A nice solid phone. Unlike the LGK8 2017 this one has gyros so you can use apps like google sky, etc. Definitely good for the value. I don't know why anyone would want anything more than this one. "	0
"A nice looking phone that has the capability to do a wide range of stuff. A mid-range phone that has similar functions of a smart phone, but with a longer battery life."	1
A moisture error kept popping up. I had to send it back. 	0
"a lower part of the screen seems to be damaged, since there is bright spot about size of thumb nail that is visible when screen is light"	0
"A lot of times when you get something that says it's it's very good condition, about half the time it's not. This however, was is,almost new condition, there was like 2-3 very small scratches on the screen, the back, battery and bezel look brand-new. All in all, I would recommend buying from them in the future"	1
A lot of features are not working. Not functioning well or connecting with other phones. A lot of features mentioned do not work properly. Do not waist your money!!!	0
"A little trouble getting started, took it to Verizon, they informed me it Boost locked, checked around found that Sprint could activate it. Works fine. No contract, ok, but your phone is locked, so ""really"" no contract."	1
"A little small, but a good phone. "	1
A LITTLE SMALL FOR MY LIKING BUT CELL PHONE LOOKS NICE..ITS CUTE...FITS RIGHT IN YOUR POCKET.....GOOD FOR GIRLS OR TO TAKE TO SCHOOL OR FOR WORK...CAUSE ITS SMALL TO FIT ANYWHERE.	1
"A little nervous about buying over ebay, but product was of very good quality, no problem getting it hooked up.  My son (12 yrs old) loves it.  All is good."	1
A great second device and perfect for emails! Plus its a pretty dam good backup phone.	1
"A great phone, not only for the price (A quad-core smartphone for less than $150, simply unbelievable!) but also for all the features this phone has: the latest android version, good camera, a long life battery"	1
"A great phone I feel this phone is worth every penny  And do you know why? Simple: the HTC One is one of the best-designed phones on the planet. Not content with inventing a new machining process to allow the body to be all aluminium, the Taiwanese firm has extended the screen to the edges of the chassis further than ever before, meaning you&apos;re getting a 4.7-inch Full HD display without the additional heft you&apos;d probably expect."	1
A GREAT CATCH!!!!	1
"A good team with easy handling and strong performance of work, a versatile operating system for business people with good presence, and excellent role model .. I recommend ..  a very good phone, which is far above others."	1
"A good seller, I advise him to deal with! Quickly sends the goods."	1
A good seller A++	1
"A good reliable device that performs as it is supposed to.  A good phone with a fast processor. The phone has such a low friction surface, that dropping it is something to be wary of, but other than that, the phone is one of the best I've owned yet and I have had many phones."	1
A good phone!! Is a gsm carrier that give you the posibility to travel around the world and continue having a nice experience	1
A good phone at a good price	1
A good buy to use while traveling outside the US. Just pick up a local sim card wherever you happen to be. Works like a charm.	1
"a good basic phone. No camera or MP3 player, but is blue tooth compatible. If your looking for a no frills easily replaceable phone this is a good choice. The front display is also nice although its not color"	1
"a friend has this phone and loves it so I bought one, got fast shipping! Reasonable price. Good seller, like the fast ebay check out. I like the line of statespheres so I like to keep a few back up incase I get one goes down. Really excited about the newer S11, S111, and S1V."	1
a frauddon't believe him	0
A few pictures from the airport and take	1
A fantastic mobile with unique features truly limited edition now...  Thanks to G-D 	1
"A family member who needed a cheap phone at the time was referred by another family member and myself to go and get tracfone, so they did. The phone worked for that what he needed it for, and he actually texted back then, but got verizon and left this phone. It was a good phone though    Pros:  Flashing ringtone lights  battery life  games    Cons:  basic"	1
"A couple of years ago, I became a fan of Blackberry, began with models with a virtual keyboard. I never thought I&apos;d buy a Passport, considered him a great and comfortable physical keyboard. But after a week of use I think that is the best Passport Blackberry phone. Satisfied with the quality of communication, operating system reliability, battery capacity, and of course the best physical keyboard."	1
a company that would answer calls and offer a repair location.	0
"A brilliant phone, definitely not a toy."	1
A blacklisted phone is an expensive paperweight	0
"A bit on the big side, but so far, it's rugged and simple. Does the minimal smartphone stuff I actually need like web browsing, and has older features I prefer, like a headphone port and a keypad. Also, no touchscreen, which is a major plus in my book.   I need and prefer a tough phone. I bought this to replace my old Samsung Rugby 4, which was worn out. So far, I'm very happy with it."	1
"A bateria dá perfeitamente para um dia de trabalho com um uso relativamente alto, ou seja sempre em 4G muito email a entrar e sair, cerca de 2 horas de conversação e Bluetooth sempre ligado. O ecrã é de boa qualidade e a camera tb ela muito boa, somente o peso do equipamento ... aqui sim poderia ser um pouco mais leve."	1
5+Good product  Tell the community about your experience using the Sony Ericsson XPERIA Neo - Silver (Unlocked) Cellular Phone.	1
5 stars purchases.	1
5 stars for the seller for my experience	1
"5 stars all the way. I found a diamond in the rough! Features are great, very easy to use (no learning curve), the battery last for days, and I truly got more value for the money - Thank you"	1
"5 stars !!! Great communication with the seller . Good price, nice attention and amazing service ."	1
4g not working good for  mpcs i lost network	0
3G never works and i never have service it only works when its connected to the internet which it has problems connecting to and i have taken it into sprint 4 times and its still not fixed they told me i could buy a used phone off ebay or deal with the problems	0
"32g SD card is in, but phone still don't have memory on phone for anything"	0
30day return policy is a complete lie/fraud!	0
3 hour battery life on stand by not a good quality phone wouldn't recommend	0
"2nd phone like this that I've purchased and now the 2nd time I'm having to return it,  garbage! "	0
"2nd phone I bought. So far I love my phone and a great price, they have a excellent customer service. Will be back again. Thank you"	1
254290555974 is My Ical  Police report 137192-2019. This seller posted pictures with the serial number that prove its mine. Andrew broke out my car window and stole it. The police have all your info. I am pressing charges if I don't get it back. 	0
24 DAY AND YET I DIDNT RECEIVE MY ORDER	0
"2 days befor I buy one from a ""another seller"", whit exact the same descriptions. The item was delited, no shiping, no answer for money back yet. The MTK6572 is not a octa-core processor is a old dual core processor....."	0
1st time I bought they sent me the one only use for unpopular carrier. And the seller didnt take it back. So if you use AT&T or T-MOBIL carrier dont buy it from this seller. And E-bay cant help you.	0
1st time ever using an IPhone but so far i love it. And it got here fast with details. Will recommend to friends 	1
"1st of all, this is not a smartphone. I have went through 3 of them &amp; AT&amp;T will not send me a different phone. This is the worst phone I have ever owned &amp; I have owned a lot of phones. Main problems are: The touchscreen is very slow &amp; very inaccurate, You have to pound on it to get it to work! The phone itself is very slow. It freezes up all the time &amp; the only way to fix it is to pop out the battery. Sometimes when I receive a text or a voicemail, the ringtone keeps on ringing even after I press view or call! If you receive a text, phone call or a voicemail &amp; the phone is locked than you can view everything on the phone bc it only stays locked if you go out of everything! (I hope that makes sense), the camera sucks as well! The phone is constantly dropping calls! It also has very bad reception &amp; you can barely hear the other person, sounds muffled! This phone is worthless which is why I upgraded my plan with a Samsung Infuse 4g! I advise everyone to stay away from this phone! It is not worth the time or the money!  PS: There are also bad reviews on this phone on other websites if you want to check."	0
1-screen turn to black2-Camera have crack +its shaky when in use3-When saw on my order its a IPhone 6s Plus but when I received the order the iPhone is only iPhone plus which meant cheating???	0
"15 jours et un problème connexion casque.... Dommage, la taille de l'écran est agréable, est ce des micro sd spéciales ? "	0
"14 years from today i m useing cell phone,i used meny brend of cell pohne, i like the sony ericsson.  sony ericsson is best phone."	1
120mb frei  Androit 4.4.2  2 kerne mit 1300 mhz 	0
"12/30/218.    I LOVE IT EASY SERVICE, EASY USE, BEAUTIFUL, FAST,& MANY APPS THANK YOU "	1
12 days to be sent in the same city. bad service	0
100% recommended seller 	1
100% recommended seller	1
100% recomendado	1
100% confiable!!	1
10/10. Good seller!	1
10/10 like new. 	1
10 out of 10.........	1
"1. The battery life is too short. With wifi and bluetooth on, it is good up to 12 hours when fully charged. If you do just the calling and nothing else (no internet, no bluetooth, etc), it holds up to 3 days when fully charged. This is awful for such an incredible system. I wish I could serve internet entire week and make 10 days calls via bluetooth on a single charge."	1
1. My phone arrived a week early. 2. It looks nearly brand new.  3. The phone was locked.  I emailed Mainly-electronics  & they sent me a lock code the next day! 4. I Love my phone!!	1
"1. MAJOR ISSUE: The product came with defective ear-proximity and light sensors. The screen does not look original (it reflects light with a weird pattern) so maybe they have replaced the screen with a lower quality one which explains the malfunction of the sensors as well.  When your proximity sensor does not work it means that the screen will always be dark when you get a phone call, so you can't use your phone while on a call (e.g. to press a number on the keypad).  2. The charger that comes with the product does not work.  3. There are issues with the software on this phone too. It cannot get updated so I have this annoying constant notification about an update being required but it's impossible to install that update.   4. The phone did not recognize my US sim-card and I had to waste a lot of time in ATT store with no results, and take the phone to a repair shop where finally the correct settings for the US were discovered. "	0
"1.  Not a good value for  me, It is an international phone.  USA stock it says and the Worse T-Mobile phone I have very purchased.  Very small font. Hard to get to the battery, damaged the back trying to get into it.  The ""Charged door"", came off.   Does not meet my needs.  No ""starter manual"".  The one that was sent was for another LG phone  (KP500).  Very disappointed and a waste of money. 2.  I don't  know about the life of the battery could not use it.  "	0
"1, first of all sellers indicate the new thing, is actually a refurbished machine.  2, many times to contact the seller, the seller didn&apos;t respond to a message.  3, wait for 20 days later, opened the case and Paypal investigation.  4, Paypal after intervention, the seller forced to apply for a replacement.  5, just like I encounter people, there is another.  Comprehensive evaluation: the seller irresponsible, not into the proper communication. But there is something wrong with the good faith.  Comprehensive evaluation is less than 90%, it is recommended that you carefully consider the sellers."	0
"1 thing that I hear very little about in regards to this phone is the Wi-Fi tethering.  Allow me to explain.......  I have the old Verizon unlimited data plan but I don't pay the extra they charged back then for the mobile hotspot (Wi-Fi tethering) option.  So to get around that, I would have to root my phone and manipulate the software to allow me to use the hot spot feature.  Then I bought this phone.  This phone doesn't verify my hot spot access with Verizon.  Let me say that again.......  This phone will grant mobile hot spot access whether you pay for it or not.  I'm tethering to my wife's tablet and smartphone right now as I write this and I DO NOT pay for that feature.  This phone checks almost every box I could ask for.  It runs stock Android, it has front facing stereo speakers, the camera is plenty good, the phone never slows down, the battery lasts me all day, and I have access to 320 GB of memory thanks to expandable storage.  The only thing I would change would be the size.  I prefer smaller phones.  If this thing was 5.0"" instead of 5.7"" it would be perfect in every category."	1
¿Quien vende un móvil de 180$ por solo 10? Y lo que realmente me preocupa... ¿¿¿QUIEN LO COMPRA A ESE PRECIO Y ESPERA QUE LE LLEGUE ALGO???	0
???  where is my item?  i paid for it 30 mins after i won it and its been 7 days with no responce of when or why you dont send my pcell phone.  please respond or send my item	0
:  1.      .   .  2.   wi-fi	1
////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////Dies within 3 hours////////////////////	0
.Phone is looks good and works great..Fast shipping.Thank you very much.	1
"...unfortunatley, I must've gotten hold of a lemon :( When I was able to activate, the phone wouldn't hold a signal (no bars), see photo attached. Contacted phone service provider who checked our signal...we're fine, but phone wasn't. Refreshed signal, restarted phone multiple times, nothing helped; tested inside and outside, as well as in town--no bars. Battery life wasn't so good after only checking emails, 1/4 to 1/3 used up. Cover and phone looked clean overall, but charge cover (little side plate) wouldn't shut tight, compromising water resistance feature. Finally, the GPS as advertised is NOT a navigational GPS feature...so forget MAPS app, or any app...can't download. That particular feature was really important for me. "	0
"...but in my situation the phone has TERRIBLE reception. Its a sexy phone for sure and if you like bloody ads then the widgets and applications are acceptable I guess. I will now preface this review by saying that I have used a flip phone up until this Xperia....yes, this is my first stupid smartphone and I will not ever get another one. My old GSM flip phone had better reception than this 'smart' phone on GSM...and no one should need all this crap that comes with smartphones...don't you people have computers at home? Why do you need one on your hip.  My flip phone was better. It made the call when I wanted it to and I didn't have to worry about all the crap Google bundles in its phones. I don't have the time nor the inclination to try and 'root' this stupid device and change 'bands' or uninstall the google programs....give me a break.......this is ridiculous.  I want my cell phone to simply have good reception in a major city and this piece of junk doesn't.   Beautiful phone though. yeah. Beautiful.  Ship it back to China? Right. I've struck it up as a loss and will try to buy my old flip phone on ebay.  The seller has nothing to do with this review. They processed, transacted, and shipped my purchase quickly and efficiently....I am just highly disappointed with this piece of *&"	0
...and certainly  go to the oneplus website for product and pricing...should be <$500 (less than)...yeah! 	0
..................o.......................ooo......................oo......................ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo	0
".  The phone is perfect and hubby is thrilled. Simple to use; takes a beating and continues to work. Once even run over by a tractor and still works, and dropped into 4 feet of liquid nitrogen fertilizer and by the time they got it out of the tank, washed and dried was 20 minutes.  Still works."	1
.  .   	1
",Sound good .Cheap than Iphone or Samsung .I look safe with the case cover . I like so much. Thanks."	1
",  100%  .         . , .  ,     .      ,    ,     .   , .    . "	1
",  .     .  ,   .                                                    "	1
",   ,      ,   ,      ,   ,      ."	1
",   !"	1
",    "	0
"*DO NOT FOR ANY REASON PURCHASE THIS PHONE* This is the worst and MOST deceptive product I have ever purchased. It is not recognized by any computer with dell&apos;s software to access and update it, therefore it can not be updated. Therefore it is ridden with errors just trying to do anything while accessing internet via wifi. I also luckily discovered (before entering any personal data in the phone) that the phone is compromised internally and daily it sends several SMS message to an unidentified phone number 1(847)770-3493. This number does not appear in the sent folder on the phone but appears in my account history activity. I noticed it because I have ATT GoPhone&apos;s $2.00 daily plan and noticed I was getting charged each day and was not using the phone at all. If you have this phone I would suggest getting rid of it because it is undoubtedly collecting some type of information and sending it to person(s) unknown. I can&apos;t in good conscience resell this phone nor can I allow someone else to use it unknowingly so I have no other choice but to discard both of the phones that I purchased. Both of the phones are internally compromised to send messages to the same phone number, 1(847)770-3493. *DO NOT FOR ANY REASON PURCHASE THIS PHONE*"	0
"***Beware**** Mine was reported as stolen by it's previous owner. The phone is useless and the seller expects me to ship it back to him at my expense. Notice seller has no phone contact. Fortunately back stopped payment, Stay clear of this vender."	0
"(I previously owned P800) same size or even bigger screen, it&apos;s an upgrade indeed, I never made desireable to combine camera and phone - this one does not have one, it has unique keyboard - allmost full alfabet on reach of an fingertip, it&apos;s size and weight, and only thing dislike - the &quot;go back&quot; key to manuver in menues is in quite unreachalbe position on a side! Why did I bought it? - because of very reasonable price!"	1
"&quot;With all the great features of this phone, I still can&apos;t believe what a great deal I got when I purchased it. I got a really, really great deal (too low too mention), but I would have paid more (shh...it&apos;s just between us), because I just fell in love with this phone as soon as I saw it! After doing a little research online, I found out that this phone had many more capabilities than just the ones T-Mobile had told me about in the store. From listening to my .Mp3 files with the built-in .Mp3 player, to using .3gp files as ring tones, to flipping the camera around to take perfect pictures, to the microSD slot...even taking calls on my Samsung WEP180 Bluetooth headset using the built-in Bluetooth feature, this phone had me whirring for a long time after buying it. I wish T-Mobile had left the A/V in/out feature on the phone when ordering, but then again, I might not have put down the phone to eat in that case! Even after 2 years of use, it still takes a licking and keeps on ticking. I just can&apos;t wait until I get my hands on one of the newer mobile phones, such as the Samsung Behold! I&apos;m sure I&apos;ll be mesmerized for another few years until Samsung comes out with something great again! Thanks Samsung!&quot;"	1
&lt;3 babe bla bla bla jfkksjlahflahuifawenflahfiuwshabfnwjbsaldjfvajfbvjksba vjblkjsdbvjkfabnd bvfadjbvdafbvkjbfdjkahdsfvbfdabvhbfbjdbvhdafbjvbfjdhabvfldbfvjhbfaurihwiluhfajrkbnfv sdahfjabfvfhdsfhavfbualsbnfhdsabmnalaiaEWdnjksbfvszalsjzdbjdzbsnjvdSJBVJSvbmnfdsbvjfbdnbskbvdmnfbvfbsjhbvfjkshklfdvbjhlbfdvjslhbvfufdilhvifudshviduflshfvdlsvlsyvdsfvfdslvdfsvdfsbvfdsvdfsbvdbvdslvbdlsbfvdfslbvfdlsfbvdlfs bla bla bla	1
$2500? Really. It's a hand warmer for ice fishing for God sake. 	0
#1 this was an awesome deal! #2 best phone evar! #3 shipping was so OMG fast. Ordered it on Tues. And got it Friday! Love it thx so much!! 	1
"# 1 phone , Had one for five years, just bought the same kind, LG306g. "	1
"!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Good seller, good price, fast shipping. All good and ok for me. Thank you"	1
 Would not recommend buying from this seller!	0
" Very happy! Everything went great with the transaction, came fast and as advertised and was able to activate it with no problems. "	1
" very happy with the phone, it was just like advertised. Connected to my service with ease"	1
 UPDATE #1 I talked with Ectaco 2 more times. The first time I was told I Broke my phone and that I would have to send the phone to China to be fixed and I would have to pay for it and it would take 2 months !!! So I told the guy off and filed a complaint with the Better Business Bureau and wrote the previous post and posted it on there distributors adds on the net. After a few weeks I called again and talked with teck support this time. He said they were willing to give me a NEW PHONE with the latest updates if I would remove my reviews on their distributors web adds. I said I would update my review. They said their distributors were pretty upset. How do they think I felt? It took almost a year of bitching and filing this review to get them to replace my phone. It is sad when companys make customers go to this extent to get customer service. They did send me a NEW PHONE and one of their teck guys even emailed me all my contacts. Thank you for finally getting this straightened out. I went to update the reviews on AMAZON and they were removed ???????      I would like to give my experience with Ectaco Inc. and the I travl 2 also look them up at the BBB and complaints on line. In Oct of 2015 I bought an I travl 2 that was suppose to have Spanish in it. I paid to have it delivered 	0
 This phone is completely useless not only because you cant use it on T-Mobile and other networks like it says but its almost impossible to read the phone screen when in daylight. The fact of the matter is that he was not honest. I would NOT recommend this phone to anyone.	0
 This is probably one of the best phones ever built.  Sadly Verizon does not support it on their network anymore so if you have one the best you can do is just recycle it. Which is sad because this is such a well-built well working cell phone	0
" This cell phone does not work, does not light, leave it connected to the charger a while and does nothing!"	0
" the sim card is not working card slots , sim card estam well because if they work in another cel and the tablet only says no sim card"	0
" the product arrived with damages, and return it to me is more expensive than the same cell not worth buying this product , and would not recommend anyone buy"	0
" The cp was working fine,the screen clarity is good, but with in a month won't power up .   The sound is hard to hear even in full volume. Now I have a useless cp to my disposal because it's to late for me to return, the 30 days return policy is over by 3 days."	0
" STAINED DISPLAY, CASE IS NOT ORIGINAL, NO REAR MARK."	0
 Second time tried to order I didn't know it was from same person would've never placed order if I was dealing with this terrible service.	0
 Samsung S6 Edge sucks the edge I thought was going to be awesome turns out it's the worst idea ever now I'm down $300 for this crappy brand new phone.. my old phone was an S5 Samsung this new Samsung S6 Edge is smaller keeps sliding everywhere just a crappy phone all the way around and battery sucks	0
 Perfect seller! Please rate us 5  Excellent price!    Perfect seller! Please rate us 5  Excellent price!    Perfect seller! Please rate us 5  Excellent price! 	1
 only Fast delivery  Sends batteries do not work in some phones buyer does not care and does not give any attention does not keep the customer even if it buys him constantly  I did not like not responding to questions and letters	1
 Not happy with the current purchased.  The stylus broke in half we cannot take the other piece inside the phone.  	0
" no cell phone arrives on the date indicates, I need immediate response"	0
" Love this phone. Had to get use to the size, but easier to type and search internet on it. Great buy!"	1
 Love my lg stylo 4!	1
 Just everything I was look for nice features	1
 it's only 8GB and is iPhone 4.	0
 It is bullshit 	0
" In the product description did not mention that does not use SIM card and came with a broken part, is useless this phone,  I contacted the seller and did not answer me, after communicating with the seller, magically the product disappeared from my shopping list... Bad information and communication from the seller, a really bad purchase I am unhappy because this phone is useless"	0
" If you're looking for a larger screen phone that is simple and easy to use then this phone is perfect for you. Definitely the best phone I have ever owned. Easy to activate with StraightTalk (AT&T). The camera and video recorder is top of the line, and the keypad is also. Its the best for you can buy for that price. I would recommend it to anyone"	1
" I would not buy a thing from this seller, Amazing wireless is a scammer!!! Beware!!   "	0
" I need this card, but I live in Japan. Can you send it to me?  Asus Zenfone 3 Laser zc551kl  "	1
 I liked this phone because it does not have AT&T's software on the device but the Seller sent with a PIN that could not be unlocked so I had to return it.    The one I have now is an AT&T Kyocera and it's loaded with all their useless software that I will never use because I have a Tracfone SIM card in it.	0
" I didn't buy my phone on ebay, but from Verizon. Exact same thing, down to the color. Great performance, have had mine since late Nov. '16. Still works fine, even with many background apps running."	1
 I did return the phone because  unable to activate it with Verizon company	0
 I bought this phone refurbished and it looks and works like a new phone! Battery life is good and if the battery ever wears out I can replace it thanks to the removable battery. 	1
 I bought this fake phone and the seller promised me to replace it and he never did	0
" I bought an unlocked cellphone, and it was locked, I had to pay in my country for I can use it, because when I wrote to the sell they were not responsable."	0
 I bought  2 !!!! 1 tunrned  off and won't turn back on!! Dont buy from this seller crapy phones 	0
" Hola no puedo enviar el móvil, ya que el envío es muy costoso, quisiera la devolución de mi dinero sin duda alguna, pero investigue el shiping es muy caro."	0
" Great phone, if you need a sim card you can order free of charge directly from Boost Mobile. But beware you will be charged $10.00 just to activate phone if you do not directly purchase phone from them."	1
" Fast delivery, Phone in great condition. Thanks   "	1
 Ebay  .	0
" Dear Seller Thank you for Allowing me to give comments.  I am not Using the Phone, because  I bought it for some one as gift. But when I am trying to charge it it shows me warning sign and it says you are not using Samsung Compatible battery. Can I get Replacement Battery ? I like the phone but Not the Battery "	0
 Day one it would not make or receive    phone calls . The verizon store did the hook-up.	0
" contact seller, but he said give him more time.... nothing yet... lost money...."	0
 Confirm for the price .	1
" Coming from a  LG G4 I wanted to have a smaller but powerful phone. Reviews were singing odes about this phone so I gave it a chance. The fingerprint button is a nightmare, never relly worked so I turned off. (Moto phones have amazing fingerprint buttons). Battery life is horrible and can get really hot. That was the biggest issue. A LG phone is so tweakable, e.g. dark keyboard which I always prefer or even the icons. On the S5 nothing: bright white keyboard and outdated childish looking icons.  So I dumped it and bought a much cheaper moto phone. Voila: superb battery life (2 days insted of 5 hrs), the best fingerprint scan, dark keyboard and beautiful business looking icons. "	0
 Cannot get a usable network signal.	0
 Can you tell me what it means when a phone is advertised as new other 	0
" Buttons are very clickable, best balance between strong protection and great fit, awesome design and complements the look of your phone"	1
 Bought for overseas use since Verizon is not compatible with the rest of the world. Ran out of storage after downloading Android and a few apps. Bought a micro SD card but its still clunky and unresponsive. Removed all apps but Google maps. Hope it does enough to get me local maps when I get a sim card for Thailand. I have very low expectations.	0
 Bald-faced rudeness	0
 bad. 	0
 awesome is like new i love it	1
" Almost mistook him for 2 other tracfones I bought from another seller that did not work as they were stolen from the store. Went to this seller and his phone was legitimate and worked great. Will highly recommend this seller for fast delivery, great price and honesty."	1
 Activation Lockhas not been removed making this phone useless.   I was not provided the correct Apple ID and password. The device was still linked to the previous owners Apple account. 	0
" .  .   ,    .        ,     ."	1
 .  .   	0
" .   .      2014. ,    .    ."	1
" .     .   ,    ."	0
 . 	1
" , ,  .     .  "	1
" ,   .  ."	1
" ,    2   "	1
" ,     ,       ...  ...  5+"	1
" ,     !!!        ."	0
" ,        ."	1
" **WARNING** Two different P'9982 Models RGF111LW (STK100-2) Americas & RGE111LW (STK100-1) ME [MIDDLE-EAST / European]!!!! I have issue on Store - [Amazing Wireless LLC] this store, they sold me a BlackBerry PORSCHE DESIGN P'9982 ME (MIDDLE-EAST RGE111LW ) and there photo showed Model P'9982 Americas, RGF111LW, STK100-2(4G LTE Band 2, 4, 5, 17)(USA)....... but they sent me not what they Advertised **WARNING**, they sent me Model P'9982 ME (MIDDLE-EAST) RGE111LW, STK100-1 (European Model use Only 4G LTE Band 3, 7, 8, 20) ... a working T-Mobile USA SIM Card was installed but and not Compatible to T-Mobile USA. Try to work out with seller but no help or interest to replace with correct model as photo, they sent me not described as Photo!!!! - Seller Does Not Described Two Different Design Model.  "	0
 (Sorry) I'm not blaming  the seller the cell battery life is bed Mabry  he knows  how to fix it thank u	0
" !    ,              .           .   ,   ,    ,       .     ...    !  "	0
 !	1
"  It arrived faster than expected, and in great shape. The price was wonderful "	1
  IMEI!  !	0
  didn't receive the item and would like a refund	0
"  As of this review there are Note 5's on the market. Picked up a new Note 3 for less than 1/2 the cost of the newest model. At less then $300 buying the phone outright is better than making payments to a carrier in my opinion.    I like the big screen on this phone. It's easier to read text, watch videos, and view images. The S-pen makes it easy and fast to interact with the phone's many features.   If your primary needs are for text and phone this Note 3 is probably more than you'd need.    If you want an easy to view screen combined with features of a notepad this Samsung is a good choice."	1
"  7 ( 7!!)    1784,  1660    !        4   !  !"	0
"  4 .  .      ,         ,    ."	1
  .        . .    .	1
  .     	0
  .	0
"  ,  10  .    .     usb,        .     3  5.   ,  .  "	0
"  ,  ,  ,   "	1
"  ,   .     .   .     .    .   - ! "	0
"  ,      .    ...."	1
"   30 ,    ,     (    s6 , iPhone 4s ,    .    .       ,     . "	0
"   ...   ...   100%...     ...      ...........    , ...  ..."	1
   .  .    .       .       .	1
"   .     .    ,     ."	0
"   .           ,          ."	0
   .	1
"   ,()"	0
"   ,  IMEI  ."	0
"   ,  !"	1
"   ,   3   .   .   ,        :       ,   .            .   .   2  (   )   ,     .           ,   ."	1
   !    !     !     eBay   ?	0
"    :     ,    .        :( . "	0
"    .   ,   IPS,    .  .    .         .   - .    30 .     .           .  ,  ,   ."	1
    .           .	0
"    ,  ,    -  3 .    powerbank  .      ,       ,   .  .      ,      (   ),   ,   .          ,   ,  -  .        ,    .  "	1
"    ,   ! "	1
"    ,    .     4 ,     ! "	0
"    ,          ,     ,    (         ,     ,   ,   - , ,   5$,   14,5$.         .     .   !!! "	0
    !   !      !	1
     Great phone! Easy to learn and use.           	1
     E-BAY.	0
     E-BAY.	0
     . ...	0
"     ,  ,   !   "	1
"     ,   .  !  !  ."	1
"     ,     .      .        .     ,      (  )      .     .        .              ."	1
"     ,      .        ,   Sony    ...  ,  - .         .   .   - . "	0
      5                               ......  ......   .	0
       Never received phoNE                  A @+     	0
       . 	1
        .     .	0
        . 	1
         100%    5 +	1
          . 	1
           !!!	0
"            128  400         2 64    300                            100  ,"	1
                    20      .             .            ebay.	0
       	1
    	0
    	1
    	1
    	0
    	1
   	0
 	0
 	1
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------	0
	0
	0
