review	TAGGING
"Howdy,  this is a superb phone. I had an iphone before this, and honestly i like this more. I love the andriod OS, it&apos;s amazing. It takes some getting used to, but it&apos;s awesome once ya get the hang of it. The andriod market is great too, and most of the apps are free unlike the iphone appstore. The call quality and volume is good. It has a super display as well, things look sweet. The touch screen works well too. The phone build is nice too, has a sleek and funky look to it. On the whole, it&apos;s a great phone and you will LOVE it."	1
"HTC Desire 816 which I really love it! But I'm not satisfy that there is 8gb in it, and I put 32gb and won't let me download more. Also text message is acting so weird with low service bars. "	0
"HTC Evo is a great phone hands down. Best smart phone views and reviews beat iphone4 all who havea problem with Evo battery havent done research. Advance task killer, advandce Manager Killer, Juice Defender, all free apps battery just about doubles, but for those who question set both task killers to ignore each other and juice defender, and set auto kills to when screen is turned off and no delay time battery life will greatly increase"	1
"HTC HD2 is great phone for business, it is like a palm but with everything you ever wanted. Phone, text, wheater, wifi, gps... the screen is really amazing, brillant colors and the power of 1ghz."	1
"HTC Tattoo is a very good phone. It integrates Googles innovative mobile services including: Google Maps, Google Search, Google Mail, and Android Market where users can download thousands of popular applications and games. It also comes complete with a broad variety of hardware features including a 3.2 megapixel camera, 3.5mm stereo headset jack and expandable microSD memory."	1
"HTC T-Mobile MyTouch 3G is an outstanding product!  I wanted to be able to expand my communication options..and this is the phone for it! It&apos;s great to have WiFi on the phone too. I love to ease of operation..especially the ability to add free apps..to make the phone even more interesting.  I like email, weather, news, gas/price, mapping and shopping apps in particular.  I know most folks would like the bigger screens on the newer 4g&apos;s but I enjoy the more compact carry/use size.  Can&apos;t think of anything I don&apos;t like. I would buy again..will have a spare."	1
HTC Touch Diamond (Sprint Nextel)HTC Touch Diamond (Sprint Nextel)HTC Touch Diamond (Sprint Nextel)HTC Touch Diamond (Sprint Nextel)	1
HTC Touch Dual (Unlocked)HTC Touch Dual (Unlocked)HTC Touch Dual (Unlocked)HTC Touch Dual (Unlocked)HTC Touch Dual (Unlocked)HTC Touch Dual (Unlocked)	1
"HTC&apos;s One SV has arrived, and joins a plethora of above-average-spec handsets vying for your money. Available on Cricket in the US and EE in the UK, the 4.3-inch, LTE-ready device fits into the One series between the low-end V and, you guessed it, the better-equipped S. It&apos;s a curious release for HTC, given the One VX has just launched with almost identical specs, apart from the 4.5-inch, qHD (960 x 540) screen slightly besting that of the SV. Based on our quick hands-on time at CES, you may have already gathered that it&apos;s not a powerhouse built to wow you with raw benchmarks scores. But how, exactly, does it compare to its bigger brothers in the series? And, what does it offer people who are more concerned with their budget than 1080p displays or octo-core processors? Head beyond the fold for our full musings."	1
"HTC. Hell of a Time Charging. After being a long time other brand user i decided to get this phone because of the rave reviews however from the phone i received was not worth more than a star. Whats good; Nice looking, fast boot up, easy to use interface. Its your average android powered phone. Camera seemed good enough only used it a few times. Bad: The battery/power management on this phone are garbo.. After 40 percent battery your phone could die at any second and just chain reboot itself out of power trying to get it to turn back on. This is something that happened ON EVERY CHARGE. It started snowing outside today and having a phone that i know will work when i need it to im sending it back today. Also it seems fairly annoying to find a screen protector and case for this phone, no local retailers carry it a few places carry the protective glass online but they are just generic fits. Maybe the phone i received was a fluke but for me and being my first time out with this brand i will not be trying the HTC 10 again back to the drawing board and back goes the accessories i ordered."	0
http://www.walmart.com/search/search-ng.do?search_query=Samsung+R355C&amp;ic=48_0&amp;Find=Find&amp;search_constraint=3944    U can buy this phone new for $75 and $30 for card makes it $105 but is NEW not REFURBISHED. Is only $15 more.	0
http://www.walmart.com/search/search-ng.do?search_query=Samsung+R355C&amp;ic=48_0&amp;Find=Find&amp;search_constraint=3944    U can buy this phone new for $75 and $30 for card makes it $105 but is NEW not REFURBISHED. Is only $15 more.	0
"hubo un peque�o detalle en el envio,el telefono llego en excelente estado pero el cargador que envio con el telefono no funciona porque es un oem de baja capacidad  de corriente "	1
"Huge improvement from my previous cell phone, much quicker and great pictures. Thus far works great and am enjoying learning the additional features that it has. "	1
"Huge screen, quick processor (not like Huawei Ascend from Cricket/Metro PCs) and others. I would say this phone is at the level of the Dell Streak. Screen resolution is great. I am a very busy person so I only care about productivity and my calendar, tasks, etc are very quick and that is what i care the most. Very satisfied with it."	1
"H�lle und Akku leider Fake, der Akku musste alle 3 Tage f�r mehrere Stunden geladen werden, w�hrend der Originalakku mind. 1-2 Wochen h�lt.  Die H�lle war billig verarbeitet, hinten fehlt der Nokia Schriftzug.  Das Handy an sich war technisch einwandfrei. "	0
hya thanx for a great service the delivery was fast happy with the item sory its late reply eny body wanting to purchase enything from this buyer should do so it they will be happy	1
"I   love the phones, however neither worked. Sellers email not working. Ebay will not retutn my emails either."	0
"I  bought this for my daughter and she is more than happy with the condition of the phone. Mint, as advertised!"	1
"I  bought this item in August 2014, and today January 12, 2015 (4 mnths) my phone went completely blank. I have gotten no help with customer service and i&apos;m very, VERY upset! Either send me out a new one or i am filing a claim!!"	0
"I  CANT  PROGRAM  IT,,,,,  ITS   TOO   HARD."	0
"I  DID NOT  RECEIVE  WHAT  I PAID  FOR,  SO  I  WOOULD  LIKE  TO  GET  MY  MONEY  BACK  ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,"	0
I  didn't like it at all the phone never could get hooked up and it was just bad	0
"I  don&apos;t like, because no has ship, I had mistake when bought, I don&apos;t see what was , other company no similar with the my . the my is AA&amp;T AND THIS COMPANY IS VIRAZON, for this I&apos;M dislike"	0
I  I have  ever  bought on ebay!!!!!!  I had to return  this phone to straight talk because  The phone would not turn on!!!!!!                      Would have liked my money back	0
I  love the item. 	1
i  never recieved my phone i purchased it a week ago and i haven&apos;t got a tracking number or an email saying that my phone is being ship i would like file a complain.	0
i  never recieved my phone i purchased it a week ago and i haven&apos;t got a tracking number or an email saying that my phone is being ship i would like file a complain.	0
i  never recieved my phone i purchased it a week ago and i haven&apos;t got a tracking number or an email saying that my phone is being ship i would like file a complain.	0
"I  received notice from AT&amp;T that the phone I had would no longer be supported after 7/30/14.  I was using a cheap small phone after my original Pantech took a dive in some water.  I am so happy with this phone.  When I called AT&amp;T to find out if this one would be supported (they were trying to lock me into 2yrs and a smartphone) they weren&apos;t sure.  It works great, love the size of the keyboard and very sharp looking."	1
"I  think it's absolutely great.  I use it mainly for email, calendar, tasks, notes, phone, and things in my daily life that require planning.  For me, it does everything very well indeed.  It's also excellent quality, and the keyboard is much better than a screen keyboard - easy and satisfying to use.  Overall, a wonderful little unit (just the right size, by the way) that is highly recommended. Rolyb"	1
I  was shocked that the phone was in basically new condition and I received the delivery of it very promptly. I am very presently pleased with the entire transaction and I usually don't write reviews but I made an exception in this case because you have to give credit where credit is due. THANK YOU VERY MUCH!	1
"I &apos;downgraded&quot; and bought this phone over a year ago because my &apos;newer&apos; bluetooth phone sounded so bad.  It has a great car kit.  Someone at Kyocera actually spent the necessary time to consider all the issues for a car kit!  Put the phone in its cradle and it charges it, and automatically hooks up to a microphone and speaker installed in my car.  Even turns off my car stereo when a call comes in.  Most importantly, it sounds great to both me and the person I am talking to.  I have had other car kits in the past, and none has sounded or worked as good as this one.  I am very happy with the phone both in and out of my car."	1
I &lt;3 it.. I highly recommend this Seller.. Arrived Sealed &amp; New Great Shipping Time.. Seller Delivers the product Brand New &lt;3 Thanks :)	1
"I &quot;upgraded&quot; from the samsung moment to this phone.  I usually love samsung products but I can say that this phone falls short.  There are MANY glitches with the phone and in researching (After my purchase), I found that they are common issues.  I.e. the phone randomly turns off, it closes your programs immediately after you open them and also will &quot;discharge&quot; the battery when you plug it in to charge.    On the plus side I do like the new android set up that this phone offers.  But overall I miss my Moment."	0
"I &quot;upgraded&quot; from the samsung moment to this phone.  I usually love samsung products but I can say that this phone falls short.  There are MANY glitches with the phone and in researching (After my purchase), I found that they are common issues.  I.e. the phone randomly turns off, it closes your programs immediately after you open them and also will &quot;discharge&quot; the battery when you plug it in to charge.    On the plus side I do like the new android set up that this phone offers.  But overall I miss my Moment."	0
"I ) Can't transfer data from old phone. 2) Phone was made in Korea, But QC is China ? 3) Asked seller about the phone . The feedback was check menu. Very disappointed ."	0
"I \bought\ this\ phone,\ because\ it\ is\ very\ easy\ to\ use\ and \it \has\ all\ the \right\ option\ for\ me.\ I\ really\ liked\ the\ design\ of\ this\ phone \and\ the\ quality\ of\ the\ materials\ from\ which\ it\ is\ made,\ very\ comfortable\ grip.\ The\ only\ disadvantage\ of\ this\ phone,\ is\ something\ that\ quickly\ gets\ battery."	1
i 100 percent payed with visa and have no hurd a word  are they a scam ? i dont have much to say but this im gonna pyt up letters to get to the 100 jjjjjjj jjjjjjjjj jjjjjjjj jjjjjjjjjjjjjj uuuuuuuuuuuu uuuuuuuuuuuuuuu uuuuuuuuuuuuuuu uuuuuuuuuuuuu uuuuuuuuuuuuu uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu uiuiuiuuuuuuuuu uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu uuuuuuuuuuuuu uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu uuuuuuuuuuuuuu uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu uuuuuuuuuuuu	0
I absolutely am in love with this phone. I love the features and camera. But I am heart broken that the battery life is very short if you are on your phone lot. Also this is my second v10. The 1st one over heated and would not turn back on. My second one is stuck in boot loop. 	0
I absolutely hate it. If you put any apps on it  it will not operate correctly. Literally will not function or slows to a snails pace...seems to have a mind of its own. I will be purchasing a new phone.	0
I absolutely love and would buy from seller again	1
I absolutely love it works perfectly	1
"I absolutely love it. It has everything I want: excellent camera, kindle for ebook reading, music, tons of free apps to download from android market, I sync my contact and scheduler with google sooo easily, and many more. Ah, it is a great phone too, I can talk (yeah every now and then, I also use it to talk, ha ha) and send text messaging without any problems. By the way, the keyboard helps soooo much!!!  What I would like is that it has a battery that does not need to be recharged every two days (I&apos;m picky, I know)."	1
I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE the S6 Edge+ 	1
"I absolutely love my Blackberry Curve, definitely worth purchasing! It has so many functions. This is the best cell phone by far that I have ever had."	1
"I absolutely love my Katana-had it for 6 years and it&apos;s still going strong! This phone has been dropped, many times, and soaked in water. I never had to change the battery, charger or anything. I really don&apos;t want to part with it, but it&apos;s 2012 and time for an upgrade. I&apos;m disappointed that I can&apos;t seem to find anything but &quot;used&quot; ones:( So, I&apos;m forced to look for an entirely new phone. But, I still have my OG faithful until then."	1
"I absolutely love my LG VX7000 camera/video phone. It is so easy to customize to my personal style! You can preview and download ringtones right off the handset and program them for each person. You can program every single ring on the phone, so there is a different ringer for each person and each text message. Not all phones let you program text ringers on each person, most phones just let you program a ringtone for all text messages. The video on the phone only records 15 seconds, but sometimes that&apos;s all you need. The camera has flash, not that it helps much. I had my first LG VX7000 for a year and a half and never had any problems at all. When it was stolen, I purchased a new one off Ebay and paid $50 extra for overnight shipping. 11 days later, (after a paypal dispute with the seller) I finally got the phone. It broke within a few days, which is NOT normal for these phones. I had to buy another phone, but it has been great!! I definitely love this phone, I would hate to give it up!!!"	1
I absolutely love my phone	1
"I absolutely love my Storm 2. Great for texting surfing the web as well as pictures. The part that I love the most is the fact that it&apos;s a great touch screen. So many applications and space for downloads. I had the Storm 1 first but had to sell it, loved the entire way the phone works so much that I decided to buy the Storm 2. Only negative thing I can say about the phone is that it does tend to freeze up quite a bit but, it&apos;s because it&apos;s a mini computer. You can literally do almost anything with this phone. :-D STORM 2 Rocks. You can also unlock the phone like I have and use it on any network. I myself, use the Storm on AT&amp;T. I&apos;m sure people are gonna ask why I feel this way, but, I&apos;d choose my Storm 2 over the new android systems as well as the iPhone. I even love how when you touch the screen it clicks so you know exactly what key your clicking."	1
I absolutely love the Motorola RAZR it is an awesome phone with great functions and it is easy to use. I have had many other phones but none compare to this phone.	1
I absolutely love the Motorola RAZR it is an awesome phone with great functions and it is easy to use. I have had many other phones but none compare to this phone.	1
I absolutely love the phone that I just received. I decided to buy this item due to price and having a full keyboard.	1
"I absolutely love the way this auction went, not just because of the item, but because of the easiness of the transaction, shipment and all. i would definitely see myself buying from this seller, OFTEN...."	1
I absolutely love this item .. The mobile phone is used but as a good performance .. Great Great Great	1
"I absolutely love this phone , I bought this to upgrade from a Galaxy S3 and am very happy with it . it may not have certain features such as notification light for missed calls and Emails but I can live without the flashing light which use the battery much quicker . I highly recommend this phone to anyone ."	1
"I absolutely love this phone and I might have preference because I upgraded from a Galaxy S5 mini. However, the display is stunning compared to lesser generations from all companies. The battery life gets me through the day and more, it gets through intense gaming (Hearthstone takes a lot to run on a phone), YouTube videos, and lots of Snap-chatting. The phones back camera is great especially with the software upgrades such as HDR, but it has 12 megapixels (MPs) compared to the S6's 16 MPs. The front facing camera, however, has gotten an upgrade from both the S6's and S7's 5 MPs up to 8 MPs. Another notable feature would be the virtual buttons on the bottom of the screen which allow for the display to flow through it. Lastly would be the finger print scanner on the back of the phone, I love the placement of it, but that might be just me. In all, I think it is a great phone, but there are only a few differences that set it apart from the S7. If you are on a bit of a budget go for the S7, but if you want a better selfie camera and display -- along with the usual battery and processor improvements -- go for the S8."	1
I absolutely love this phone it's amazing display is awesome camera features are totally ridiculous and out of this world superseding anything out there on the market today way ahead of the times battery life is phenomenal can't say enough good things about this camera phone	1
I absolutely love this phone! I have used this one for over a year and love the surfing abilities and the qwerty keyboard.	1
"I absolutely love this phone! It came in perfect condition, exactly like the picture and with all the things (like the headphones, charger ect.) that were listed! Great seller! :)"	1
I absolutely love this phone! It is the perfect size for my hand and has wonderful battery life! Love it and I am very impressed with the seller of this item as well.	1
"I absolutely love this phone! Runs great, looks good and the features are incredible! Best phone I&apos;ve had by far."	1
I absolutely love this phone! The screen is so clear. The batter last a day and a half which is awesome. And the camera is great! 	1
"I absolutely love this phone.  I wish it was not discontinued by sprint.      It is perfect color, perfect size, easy to use.      The best feature is the keypad is large enough and the flip style.      I am not into all of this tiny keys or touchscreen stuff and open exposed face plate, so this phone was GREAT!"	1
I absolutely love this phone.  My wife uses the same phone. It&apos;s not a &quot;smart phone&quot; but it&apos;s the next best thing.	1
"i absolutely love this phone.  the transaction went well.  the seller was great.  i had a few problems activating this phone, but the seller was right there with me all the way thru it.  all in all im very pleased."	1
"I absolutely love this phone. I initially bought it because the reviews on YouTube were excellent and it looked pretty cute. The internet is fast, even when I&apos;m downloading files to the phone. It&apos;s an excellent multi-tasking phone and doesn&apos;t slow even when you have 3 or 4 apps up. My two favorite things are 1) I&apos;m able to plug in my cassette/IPod adapter into the phone and turn on Pandora for free HD radio 2)I can store and view all of my Microsoft Word documents/presentations right on the phone. Very useful to a sophomore in college.     I&apos;ve heard a lot of complaints about the battery life but it&apos;s all nonsense. I was messing with it the entire day when I first got it and I was never worried about getting it to the charger. The only time you really drain the battery is with CONSTANT use. I mean four-five apps running, constant texting, and calling. For a person who generally uses a phone for texting and calling only, this phone is a dream.    My only difficulty was learning how to use everything, but I&apos;m used to really low tech phones so that&apos;s expected. Even still I was a pro within a day or two. This phone is definitely in the IPhone league."	1
I absolutely love this phone. It has battery that lasts the entire day and it takes great quality photos. Definitely happy I bought it for such a great price. 	1
I absolutely love this phone. It&apos;s simple and easy to use-a great value for my money. No data plan to pay for and easy to to text on. I&apos;m partial towards motorolas and this phone has is in very good shape for its age. Couldn&apos;t ask for anything better.	1
"I absolutely love this phone. The full keyboard is great; really easy to use, and has a great level of sensitivity. I don&apos;t have web on my phone plan, but should I ever get it, I wouldn&apos;t need to buy a new phone, which is great. It&apos;s good for really simple plans, as well as extensive ones. No big, clunky phone that I have to clip to my belt with the power of God for me. This phone is smaller, but still really effective."	1
"I absolutely love this phone. You don&apos;t need a launcher with this phone,motorola&apos;s is just fine. you don&apos;t have to worry about space, download whatever you want. The mirror feature,connecting my phone and using hdmi directly to your digital tv is so great.  this makes gaming and movies and just enjoying my phone that much more.  The only con,is the camera. Eyes always come out glowing with the flash.  I feel horrible without my pmotorola electricfy nearby."	1
"i absolutely loved the phone but not the fact that it didn&apos;t work.  i received the phone and realized it didn&apos;t work i charged it for 2 days and nothing!!! it was my first and last time i purchase something from eBay, i returned the phone back to its owner hoping that i would receive my money back, it&apos;s been almost 2 months that have past and i haven&apos;t received anything. NEVer AGAIN!!!!!"	0
I absolutely LOVED the phone.  I had to send it back because the bluetooth just gave out (I google&apos;d it and it is a common problem.  I should have done it before I bought so it was my own fault!).  It was a GREAT phone and had a wonderful experience working with the seller.  She has been great about all of it.  I would have loved to keep the phone but I needed the bluetooth to work.  I totally recommend the seller and would definitely do biz with her again!    Thanks!!!	1
"I absolutley love this phone. It is the second one that I have purchased. I love the features, graphics and it is very easy to use."	1
"I accidentally left my original cell phone in my pants pocket when I was placing clothes in the pile to be washed.  Needless to say, after my clothes made it thru a full wash and then were placed into the dryer, I was hearing some &apos;clunking&apos; around my dryer... oops!  Cell phone shot.  I searched ebay and found my same exact phone (make and model) though slightly used I didn&apos;t care, and ordered it for the lowest price compared to other sellers.  I was concerned about the ESN number of the phone, but all sellers ensured that the ESN number was good and there would be no issue upon reactivation with my carrier.  I got the replacement phone in record time through the mail and didn&apos;t have to worry about the replacement program that my cell company was attempting to offer me nor worried about renewals of contracts.  This replacement phone works fine - as expected - and now I can take my time shopping for a new plan, or just might keep going month to month.  Thanks for the quick turnaround!"	1
"I accidentally placed an order with the incorrect address, and they helped me correct it even after they shipped. Very good service "	1
"I accidently ordered the wrong item,I didnt notice until a few hours later. I quickly contacted the seller and I received a responce very quickly and stated that it was not a problem so they refunded my money right away."	1
"I activated the phone as soon as I receieved it.  I tried to download some music to my phone but it cited an error.  I called Verizon only to find out that Samsung had updated the software to the Gleam because of problems with the applications.  If you buy a phone that was not active at the time they updated this application, then your phone was not updated and could never be updated.  I returned the phone for a totally different one.  I would not recommend buying a new Samsung Gleam.  A used one might be okay if you can find one that works with the applications features."	0
"i actually bought this phone because i love sony ericsson, and i also want a phone with QWERTY keyboard, and this was the only new sonyericson phone providing that features. i like pratically everything about the phone. i&apos;m in love with the keyboard...it allows easy use.the only thing i would have prefered was if the screen was wider. in general, this is one best phone anyone can ever use."	1
"I actually bought two phones from E bay that day and when i got them they were both badly beat up. One worked for about a month and the other didn&apos;t ring or vibrate at all from the day I got it. It was, for lack of a better way to put it, a huge waste of money and I will think twice about purchasing anything used from E bay again."	0
"I actually had the HTC one M8. So I am able to give an accurate review of this product. Speed wise you can't tell any difference. The processor is almost the same as the M8. So it is made for speed. It only has 16 gb of ram built into it vs the 32 of the M8. Get yourself a Microsdram card and put any extra apps on it and it should be fine. It allows up to 128 gb . Believe it or not the sound is even louder than the HTC one M8. Amazing with the 2 forward speakers. It is by far the loudest smartphone I have ever owned. I ownly paid 76 dollars for this phone used . It comes with a quad core 2.0 cpu and is meant for speed. Mine is white with a plastic shell vs the M8 metal shell. I actually like the plastic better. It seems more modern. For 76 to a 100 dollars you're getting one of the best used phones for the money. , in my book. The only con ; It can only go as high as Marshmallow Android. Forget loading the new Nougat Android. "	1
I actually have not tested it yet. I expect it is functioning as it should.	1
"I actually like the size of the phone, although it is larger than most flip phones. It has a great camera which is better quality than most. The screen is large and easy to read. I bought it because my daughter has one just like it and really likes it."	1
"I actually purchased this as a Christmas gift for my 25-year old daughter. In the process of configuring it, I was very impressed with the styling, quality and numerous features that it provides for the price. I can&apos;t rate in regard to day-to-day use, but I think it will be very easy to use and provide years of good service."	1
"I actually purchased this phone because my girlfriends phone had just recently broke. It really worked out perfect, and the seller was very honest, and everything worked out great. I will do business with this ebayer again, now i am looking for 2 older version I-phones for AT&amp;T, or T-Mobile and 1 Sleek, and 1 Evo.  So, if you ever have anything like those up for bid let me know. Again thanks for everything.                    Rudy-gandolfo1126"	1
"I adore Apple products. I have nearly everything from the company. Because of a lot of work I needed the second mobile phono. Though it was not brand new model, it is many functional, easy to operate, easy to use with my computer, iPad and other Apple equipment. This phone has very high quality camera, video and excellent navigation. The software cover every sphere of life. What is more important for this phone there is a great choice of very good programs both for business and for entertainment. the combination of cost, quality and good software were the main feature to make my choice. there is nothing to tell that I don&apos;t like the phone. there are no drawbacks in it. I like everything in it."	1
I advise everyone not to contact this seller because he does not fulfill his requirements.	0
I agree with that one guy who says your battery drains when you're not even using any apps or anything   This would be good for your 12 yr old child. Heck they're young what's $40 but for an adult nah use your money towards something way better  Possibly a Samsung phone? An iPhone?  HTC sucks as well   A brand new Orbic goes bad in 2-3 months  It's crap and you'll see once you purchase one 	0
"i al very upset now, becaus esince i bought this phone it has not been given to me, i have paid for the the phone in the past 2months now, and nothing has been done to that effect, i have writttn all manner of messages to avail, pls i need my phone now."	0
I ALMOST DIDN&apos;T GET MY MONEY BACK ON THIS IT HAD TO MUCH DAMAGE ON IT HAD TO PART OUT. TO BREAK EVEN.	0
"I already bought and used the LG OPTIMUS 3D MAX and I can say that overall the performance is excellent and also very user friendly. There is an external memory card slot which supports up to 32GB. The performance of the phone is indeed superior to its competitors.The usage of CORNING GORILLA GLASS has indeed cuts down on the finger smudges.    The resolution and the sound of the speaker is indeed excellent as I could hear the pronounciation clearly and the screen displays the colours superbly.It is super fast when u are surfing the internet or even watching videos via you tube.    In summary this the phone whereby it is value for money and also you knaw that it is manufactured  and assembled in the country of origin and not MADE IN CHINA or MANUFACTURED BY ........ like some other brands do and then charge consumers a premium even though it is not manufactured and assembled in their country.Battery life is average as maybe I surf the internet heavily.But overall I will give this phone a five star rating for its functions,ease of use and its high quality of construction the moment u take the phone out from the box."	1
I already bought one no good wyorking everything.I got yesterday.I charge powerthe whole night more.no working of the screen  no working all of the button.may be this one is artificial phone I thought.	0
I already bought that product and did not send it to me and plans to sell it again	0
I already bought the product and I dont know what I do about it.	0
"i already bought this model before , it was good, but recently i bought a used one and they used a different picture from the actual product...it was really USED! I returned the item and seller refunded."	0
"I already email you several times you did not answer my email and you ask me for a review it is bad business practice. I am waiting to return the phone it does not work after taking several phone company I decide to take it to Microsoft store they checked it without going in detail they told me it was defective I told them I will return it they agreed with me.   I am not happy the way you treated me it is not acceptable in a business practice the government should check or investigate your business practice, you should check if the product is real or not legally you cannot distribute or advertise as a Knew product or as original factory when it is not.  I think I will inform Nokia If they can verify this phone with IMEI Number 35726405018658 if it is factory phone or not.  Thank you   S.A "	0
"I ALREADY HAD ONE, WHICH WAS DAMAGED. I ORDERED THIS ONE TO REPLACE IT. THE CELL PHONE COMPANY INSURANCE WOULD NOT COVER THE DAMAGES. IT THEY DID, I STILL WOULD HAVE HAD TO PAY A $50.00 DEDUCTIBLE ON TOP OF THE $5.95 THAT I PAID MONTHLY FOR THE INSURANCE!! WHAT A RIP OFF!! NEEDLESS TO SAY, I IMMEDIATELY CANCELLED THE INSURANCE WITH THE CELL PHONE COMPANY, US CEELULAR."	1
i already had the same phone so i bought this one after it broke and i like this one too.i like how i have the keyboard for texting and can have a regular dial pad for making phone calls. the camera sucks though and doesnt even have a zoom function even though the video camera has a 4x zoom. other than that though its goood	1
I already have a cricket account and I tried to transfer my services and the phone isn't letting me at all. I basically wasted my money to buy it.	0
i already have one and it really was a good buy 4 the money and i look 4ward 4 my husband to use his new phone thanks in advance	1
I already have one of these and bought this as a backup. I've had mine for several years and have never had a single issue. But they don't make the small form Galaxy anymore so wanted a backup. This one was brand new and still factory sealed.	1
"I already have one.  My son has one (he broke the LED), so I got another just like it.  Best smartphone that doesn&apos;t require a data plan."	1
"I already have this phone, but my display screen got cracked and i didnt get the insurance when i signed the contract, so i am looking for a new replacement.  Would recommend this phone to any new user. Very easy to use and able to see well."	1
"I already own one and my husband had one also. The reason for purchasing this one is my husband&apos;s accidentally got washed in the washing machine! So I came to e-bay to find the exact same one and I did at a great price.   The phone is easy to use and has many features, including online access.  Very happy with this purchase!"	1
"I already own this phone,it suits my needs for what I use a cell phone and it is a very dependable phone."	1
I already was using this model of LG phone when a family member liked the screen size and ease of use that it provided. I purchased this phone as a gift for them. They are now using it and are very happy with its performance.	1
I alredy pay for the iPhone but they dont want to send or talk about the iPhone 	0
"I also didnt liked thd saller, I had made s simples question, but I am still now waiting the answer.   Ve"	0
"I also purchased a Razor v3 off ebay. What a piece of crap.Could not recieve picture texts or send them. The battery only lasts about 6 hrs.I emailed the company and they gave me some fony web site to straighten the phone out,but all that did is mess the phone up worse.The usb cable and disk they sent me did not work either.I will never purchase another cell phone from ebay again.I guess that is what you get when you buy from HONG KONG!!!! Soway Tech should be removed from ebay."	0
I always buy LG to begin with.. But this is my first Android and I LOVE it!!! Its pretty easy to figure out and has lots of features!! The battery last for quite awhile as long as your not playing games and such!! I use it quite a bit with text and checking facebook and only charge it at night time!! I like it alot!	1
"I always buy phones on eBay, and this phone was a great price but the discription is way off. There is nothing new about this phone. It was all chewed up around the charger port and it looked like the phone had been dropped several times. There was also a crack in the glass by the camara shutter! "	0
I always keep my eyes out for refurbished phone but this one is as good as new! Used for a month already without issues thanks Mr brimster	1
i always loved this phone. the fact that it wa a motorolla was a major plus. my cell never held a charge that well at all but this one last for about 3 or 4 days. there is nothing that i didnt like about it. i would highly recommend this one to anyone. never buy a lg3200 flip phone they are junk. this phones rocks!	1
I Always wanted a Sony cell phone which I could remote play my PS4 easily and liste to music to it's full potential. The battery life is not that great tho for what i'm doing with it but if your the type of person which does not surf a lot it's good. Plus the super-vivid contrast is awesome. I'll stick with this phone for years that's for sure. 	1
I always wanted an Iphone now I have one It is excellent and it looks great just what I wanted. Thanks	1
I ALWAYS WANTED ONE THOSE PHONES SINCE THEY FIRST COME OUT I LOVE CELL PHONES. IT WAS VERY WELL DESCRIBED SELLER WAS VERY DETAILED ABOUT THE ITEM CONDITION. THERE WAS A  CLEAR UP CLOSE PHOTO. NO DIS LIKES JUST UPSET CAUSE SHE HAD TO WAIT ON HER PAYMENT. MY WIFE IN HOSPITAL JUST FOUND OUT SHE HAD CANCER AND IT DELAYED SOME OF OUR PAYMETNS BUT MOST THEM ARE SETLLED EVERYONE VERY UNDERSTANDING BUT ONE. THIS SELLER WAS GREAT. THIS ITEM LOOKS VERY NICE CANT BEAT IT	1
i always wanted to bay a touchscreen phone but i dint like them because when i text or write something the letters get mixed up. then this phone came out it has a touch screen like i phone but it also has a keybord its the best phone ever its really fast with the web if you getsick of touch screen i would till you this is the one to chose	1
I am 64 years young and I honestly will say the LG VIGOR LS885 is the best phone I have ever owned (Papa-Jim)	1
I am 91 and amazed at what this phone can do. More features then I will ever be able to achieve.Haven't had it long but so far am able to learn what I need and  a few of the extras.Many things I can do by just asking Bixby or google.If I can learn to use it anyone can LOL	1
"I am a Blackberry user even though I have a Droid, the blackberry was designed with the business class in mind and still allowed us to have fun with the phone.The many applications makes whatever you need to do with this phone an easy snap."	1
"I am a fan of Motorola, and even a bigger fan of this particular model because it is almost indestructible. I however was mailed one of the ones that so many others have gotten, ones that are defective. The batteries are defective and since is.prime takes 14 days to get a phone out to the customer, because despite what they may advertise, these phones are apparently coming directly from China otherwise it would not take 14 days for delivery. So when my phone showed it was defective and would not charge and wouldn't power on, making it so I could not get my personal information off of phone, they wanted me to return my defective device back to them, which they said would take 7 to 10 days to process, then an additional14 days to get another device out to me and I'd be taking a chance that the next one I received would be defective also. I didn't see their offer to be anywhere close to acceptable so I called a repair shop and got what their fee to fix phone would be, $80 and offered to pay half. They agreed so I took phone to repair shop then they renege on the offer. They then started offering for my only options to be to return the phone or they would give me $20.at this point it would have cost me $65 for the diagnostic fee to get the phone back from the repair shop. I explained"	0
I am a first time smart phone user.  It's easy to use and now I would have no other phone!  I should have bought one years ago!	1
"I am a former user of the Note Edge and when my S8+ broke, I decided to go back to the Note Edge.  I willingly paid more on eBay for a ""new"" phone as I did not want anything refurbished.  This particular Note Edge was advertised as new at the time of purchase, however it is not new.    1.  The phone did not come in the original box. 2.  The battery did not hold a charge.  It could be the original, but I'd think if it'd never been used, it'd hold a charge.  I had to buy new ones. 3.  If you are in a quiet place and press on the screen (with the power off), you'll hear the screen crackling.   4.  There is a lack of response when pressing on the icons and such.    Everything indicates to me this is refurbished and probably with cheap knock-off parts.   The seller figures we probably won't be able to tell the difference, but I surely hope others read this review before purchasing this phone, because it's not new.  What I aim to do is take apart my older Note Edge and compare the parts to see if I can prove that the phone has been rebuilt.  I'm quite sure I'm right just because of how the phone feels when I press on the screen, and how non-responsive it is.   I mean, how many of these phones does this guy (company) have and where'd they get them all?  Did they buy a whole bunch new an"	0
"I am a guy who is always slow to buy the newest technology. I like to rely on the cheap products that have similar bells and whistles, but no the big price tag. Cellphones can be argued as both a godsend and a curse. My fist phone was truly basic compared to it&apos;s peers at the time. Mostly, it was used only to make calls, which did not happen all too often. Then my Dad bought me the LG enV vx9900 for Christmas almost 3 years ago. Even now I am still wowed by the many functions it can do. Video, pictures, music, surf the web, text, bluetooth, and a speaker that allows for a tiny phone to become a boombox (some boom, but more than I could imagine any other phone could do). I just bought two more, just to have backup parts for a phone that I have no intention of upgrading. This phone may no longer be a true envy, but I still feel that it does more than anyone really needs."	1
I am a huge strickler when it comes to a phone.. after i got this phone and read the reviews on it i was sold..    I WAS A lil skeptical at first..But that quickly diminished soon as i started tinkering with the phone    PHONE STORE USA is simply the best and greatest store around to buy any phone that you will or could use or have need for...    (psst.)this phone has and amazing camera(its 2 megapixels(most than any phone has) and the battery will not go dead on you until at least 4 days(2 1/2 if you talk and text alot)	1
I am a hugh Nokia fan.  The whole family has Nokia phones.  I bought mom a Nokia 2330 but she wanted a flip phone. She did not want to lock the keys and kept purse dialing.     She wanted a flip so I got her the 2720.  The volume just is not loud enough. Mom who wears a hearing aid.  She really does not like the phone.  The ringer and phone volume are not loud enough for her. I have tried the phone an must agree the phone lacks volume. She was happier with her 2330.	0
"I am a new customer to my current cell service, so when I was told I could swap out SIM&apos;s and use another carrier&apos;s phone I was delighted.  I purchased the Blackjack II and was overwhelmed at first.  I have never had a smartphone; therefore, I really didn&apos;t know where to start.  I had to call my cell service twice to &quot;reprogram&quot; as to be able to send and receive picture messages.  I also will have to pay extra to have the internet as the phone is not originally one of theirs.  I imagine that once I do take advantage of this I will be amazed.  However, after all is said and done, I love this phone.  I have not fully figured it out yet and imagine it will be a while before I do as there are so many things on it.  I is quite difficult trying to get used to the many functions when I barely even had a camera on my previous phone.  After all is said and done....I love this phone!"	1
"I am a phone geek. A tech geek. An Android geek. I am also a penny-pincher. I purchased this phone about 1 year ago and have used it heavily ever since.  This is the most bang for your buck that you can get for a phone. Bar none. I am loving it.  I use it on Straight Talk's 4G network. I had to figure out how to configure the APN settings to get the MMS and SMS and data to work with Straight Talk. You can't find the right ones anywhere, but I finally figured it out after a couple of hours of fiddling around.   Also, I want to acknowledge some gripes people have with this phone. It's been stated that the in-call volume is too low...that is 100% true. There is a built-in volume booster that maybe only raises it by a hair, that's it. You can't be on the phone during a party, maybe while the TV is on, but otherwise you won't hear very well. It doesn't bother me - I really don't talk on the phone much, it's mostly texting and data for me, but might be a concern for other consumers!  Also, the camera. The front camera isn't atrocious, it is what it says it is. The rear camera is great. I have a dedicated camera, if I wanted an iPhone quality camera, I would've gotten the Moto X or one of the Galaxy phones instead - I just don't care enough about it. They work great for Snapchat for me,"	1
I am a Samsung fan but grandson loves it.	1
"I am a senior person and the LG Chocolate is soooo easy to use. It has simplicity, style &amp; looks cool. I really like the fact that it locks when not in use automatically. It has voice command and comes with 2 different colored backs.  I had looked for a year for a new phone and then met a lady that owned a LG Chocolate and she sold me on it. It is the easiest phone to use and a joy to own."	1
I am a texter and web surfer.  I can&apos;t do either of these things with this phone via BOOST mobile and I hate it.  I don&apos;t want this phone and the only reason I bought it was because I assumed the blackberry would do everything I needed it to ( basic text function) but it doesn&apos;t and I&apos;m highly annoyed.    THIS PHONE  S  U  C  K  S  .	0
"I am a very upset customer this phone had no charger and no sim card and when I just was going to let that slide, I went to active the phone and the phone is reported lost and now I can not active this phone. I contacted the seller when the phone took forever to come the first time, then I contacted him about the charger and the sim card no reply and now about the lost states that is on the phone. to say I am upset will be an understatement."	0
"I am a Windows fan and have been using windows phones for many years. My favorite phablet Lumia 1520 had a bad battery after almost 5 years of heavy use so I was looking for a replacement. And I've found one on ebay for a very good price. It is used but in excellent working condition just like my old one. I am happy with it. What I like best about the 1520 is its size. While it's big with a 6"" screen but that is the perfect size between a phone for making calls and a tablet for reading internet."	1
"I am actually completely satisfied with the LG Chocolate! I bought this phone as a replacement for another that was for my son. When we received the Chocolate my son immediately discovered a feature that was not available on the previous phone which is loves, and that is the AM/FM radio...he uses that feature all the time! I most certainly would reccomend this type of phone for use for an adult as well as a child, it suits very well for my needs and I am extremely pleased with it. Thank You :)"	1
"I am afraid it did not work,  the signal was ok in the same house when we tried it but my partner was using it for work and the signal was very poor and no one could get through to him or when they did could not hear him.Had to go and buy a new one in the end."	0
I am an Android lover and the HTC Vivid did not let me down as far as my expectations.  I have the white one.  I love the color.  I love the size of the screen and all the features that the HTC&apos;s are known for.  My only complaint is Battery Life.  It&apos;s terrible.  I have to charge mine everyday and even if I don&apos;t use it much.	1
I am an I phone 5 my exterior condition is better than described. I do everything that is expected of me. I work great and my price was perfect.	1
"I am an LG fan anyway, but I was not so thrilled with my LG Leon.  I compared this phone with the Leon and it is a definite step up.  When I read the reviews on this phone, they said that it wasn't the highest end phone you could get but was worth the price.  I find that it's definitely worth the price - it is better in speed and has double the memory that my old phone had.  It also has an auto-focus camera, which to me is very important because I read QR codes frequently.  Before this phone I was not able to find an auto-focus on a phone without paying a big price.  This phone is just a tad bigger than I'm used to, but definitely not worth complaining about.   Absolutely pleased with this phone!"	1
"I am an old person. I bought this for my 12 year old granddaughter for her birthday. When we got it, it was LOCKED!!! And they did not say it was locked. This is a scam, they jus want your money. I tried to go to different stores to unlock this phone and they told me that they couldnt do anything about it. THIS IS A SCAM!!!! DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!!!!"	0
"I am an oldster and do not text so I cannot comment on that aspect of using this phone, however, I can say that I have praised this phone several times to my Wife and relatives on how easy it is for me to use.  We are not heavy users of cell phones and only use them when needed but in the past I have had lots of trouble with other phones in picking up when someone calls or simply getting them to register my finger. Unlike the other person that left a review, I have not had to use a stylus with this phone.    This phone is larger than my past phones and that also is an advantage to us older folks who do not have the best vision.  I see now the price is $30 less than what I paid. Not sure if this is a limited time sale or not but I would urge anyone, especially those who are older like me to take advantage of this sale, this is an incredible price and getting a years worth of service and minutes to boot is an incredible bargain!  And No, I am not an employee of Tracfone and No I have not been paid to leave this review."	1
i am angry because it was not working and told it was also it has a cracked screen and scratched all over	0
"I am appreciative of the prompt delivery of the item, the item met my expectations and I can easily recommend the seller to friends. The seller should always give good products to sell."	1
I am cash ready  to buy a brand new  Samsung  exclaim m550  2.0qwerty camera  phone. The used $70.00  one I just  ordered  this  month  off  internet fell a part  and  there  is no phone  #  to  contact the  seller  of the  used  phone.  PLEASE  help  me.  I  spent  $100.00  for  everything connected  to used  phone  now  I am   back  at  square  one  again.  Ready  to  pay  full price  for a  brand  new  Thank  YOU.	0
"I am compleately satisfied from the phone till now.No problems at all!!!Price,quality and service were just perfect!"	1
"I am completely satisfied with the purchase.Really great phone,can be completely customized.Only flaw is that battery is not taking to long but that is OK if you consider the options and the ability to turn the functions that you don&apos;t use.That can prolong the battery life for quite time.  Great phone--my advice is to but it if you can. (first check availability of some applications and network coverage)                                      Buyer from Bosnia :D"	1
I am completely satisfied. The iphone 5s i purchased looks like new! I can&apos;t tell that it was ever used. The plastic was still on the face as if first purchased..no dings or scratches anywhere! Is cleaned out of previous data and the shippment was done with special care.	1
I am confortable with it...	1
"I am contemplating ever buying from ebay again. The phone worked fine for about a week and after that it stopped working. The seller described the item as new. I sent the phone back to seller, which he claims never got it. when evidently the tracking number said it was delivered to the address that the seller provided. Ebay ruled against me when i opened up a dispute. It might seem petty cash for ebay, but I work hard for my money."	0
I am currently using the motorola EX431G tracfone with triple minutes.  I ordered another exact phone for my husband to use.  Great product.  Hard to find with triple minutes!!!	1
I am delighted with my IPhone 5. It is  in excellent condition and everything the ad said it would be. And they were also kind enough to even include a charge and a case. Happy me!	1
I am disapointed object witj know battrey in side i wpuld like to be refound .pls 	0
"I am disappiont how ebay manage the refund. 20% of restore fee? You guys could make it more resonable. I purchased two exactly same cell phones in same month and only different is that one is used and other is used.    The used one said it is in &quot;good&quot; condition. However,I almost laught When I got phone. It is a crap which you could find it in any trash can. I was very polite to contact the seller and the process of transcation was very smoother going until I need to get refund after giving review. I said what? I want to give negative review, but my friends said if I did, I would never get my refund. So I left good review against my heart. I was not happy to do this. Then When I got refund. I was mad about that guy!!! I had never been told this crap will charge me 20% restore! In this trascation, The used cell phone seller still earn almost $3-4(the seller is fee shipping, but he charged me almost 7-8 bucks for restore fee) and positive review. I am the only loser in this game, I lose recharge fee ($7-8)plus shipping fee(I need ship the crap back to seller. it cost $3-4)       Now, the new phone seller is very nice to me too. However, the question is that I can not get my refund. I admited that I did not read the description very clear, but he did not say this phone only work for CDMA network.... When I asked refund, he said I can not cause I open manual. I am tired discuss seller. I will not discuss this any more.     I am one of oldest custome of Ebay (I had several account). Ebay always gave me great price and service. However, I am doubt my choice now. No matter how much your guys want to protect custome, it always has some bad seller here."	0
"I am disappointed that the item turned out to be a FAKE. Also e-Bay collected the money even prior to delivery. Even when the device has been received and acknowledged such by the Seller, I still have not received my refund. e-Bay policy of Refund - Buyer Protection needs to be revisited. I can understand a three day period needed to effect the refund, and I do not know if I will continue browsing thru e-bay for any items."	0
"I am disappointed that the item turned out to be a FAKE. Also e-Bay collected the money even prior to delivery. Even when the device has been received and acknowledged such by the Seller, I still have not received my refund. e-Bay policy of Refund - Buyer Protection needs to be revisited. I can understand a three day period needed to effect the refund, and I do not know if I will continue browsing thru e-bay for any items."	0
"I am disappointed that the item turned out to be a FAKE. Also e-Bay collected the money even prior to delivery. Even when the device has been received and acknowledged such by the Seller, I still have not received my refund. e-Bay policy of Refund - Buyer Protection needs to be revisited. I can understand a three day period needed to effect the refund, and I do not know if I will continue browsing thru e-bay for any items."	0
"I am disappointed that the item turned out to be a FAKE. Also e-Bay collected the money even prior to delivery. Even when the device has been received and acknowledged such by the Seller, I still have not received my refund. e-Bay policy of Refund - Buyer Protection needs to be revisited. I can understand a three day period needed to effect the refund, and I do not know if I will continue browsing thru e-bay for any items."	0
"I am disappointed that the item turned out to be a FAKE. Also e-Bay collected the money even prior to delivery. Even when the device has been received and acknowledged such by the Seller, I still have not received my refund. e-Bay policy of Refund - Buyer Protection needs to be revisited. I can understand a three day period needed to effect the refund, and I do not know if I will continue browsing thru e-bay for any items."	0
I am disappointed with the phone. I got it for my mom because it has voice dialing but it doesn&apos;t seem to recognize her voice commands. I bought it specifically for this option because she has memory problems and has trouble remembering the steps to pull up address book.	0
I am disopointed after moved from iPhone to the android. 	0
"I am ebay challenged.When I got the phone I bought the camera didn&apos;t work and it was a month sending it back and getting the replacement. I now have the phone and it is great.    When I got a bracelet it got lost and the seller has needed to file for insurance thru Pay Pal. I am still waiting for my refund.     I am kind of scared to try it again, I&apos;m sure you can understand.  Thank You."	0
"I am enjoying my HTC Pure phone.  I had a foreign exchange student who had one and liked it, so I got one for myself.  Everything I expected.  The seller was most cooperative in answering my questions before the purchase."	1
"I am enjoying my phone, the appearance,accessories and features. The delivery time was appropriate and the price was great. I decided to look for and purchase this phone on ebay due to my phone had broken and I did not want to pay full price for a phone from my provider."	1
"I am exceptionally pleased with this Cellphone and especially with the price. This is my third attempt at purchasing the Verizon LG V10 VS990. The first two, both at greater than $20 higher in price, had to be returned because of operational defects. This LG V10 was in better condition cosmetically than described, and is 100% fully functional.   5 Stars and 2 Thumbs Up to the Seller!"	1
"I am extremely disappointed in my purchase of this phone. The seller clearly stated that the ESN number may be bad, but completly failed to mention that the phone did NOT work at all!"	0
"I am extremely disappointed in this phone. I &quot;upgraded&quot; to the a777 from the a707, which is an excellent phone, I have owned 2 of them. Unfortunately the a777 doesn&apos;t meet the high quality I&apos;ve come to expect from Samsung phones.     First, battery life is terrible. If you do any texting at all, or routinely use the speakerphone on calls, which I do because I&apos;m hard of hearing, the battery life is extremely short.   Second, the keyboard is somewhat slick and the keys are spaced very close together so it&apos;s hard to text just by feeling the position of the keys, you have to actually look at the keys when you&apos;re texting. The phone is small and not ergonomically shaped at all so texting cramps the hand.   Third, the slider mechanism of the keyboard becomes loose rather quickly.    It is nice that the phone has XM radio capability and nice music features but this really doesn&apos;t matter due to the short life of the battery. I&apos;d love to be able to listen to music on it at work but the battery dies too fast.     Overall a great disappointment from Samsung. Think carefully before you fork out extortion money to AT&amp;T for this phone."	0
"i AM EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PURCHASE, I HAVE ALWAYS BEEN PLEASED WITH PURCHASES FROM EBAY BUT THIS ONE HAS CHANGED MY MIND. i PURCHASED A PHONE FROM THIS SELLER ON FEBRUARY 12, 2017. ONE DAY LAST WEEK MY PHONE FROZE. I WAS ABLE TO RESTART IT AND WHEN I DID IT NEVER CAME BACK ON!!!!!! I HAVE BEEN EXTREMELY CAREFUL WITH THIS PHONE. I HAVEN'T DROPPED IT OR HAD IT NEAR ANY WATER AT ALL! I TRIED CALLING THE PHONE NUMBER PROVIDED BUT HAVE CONTINUOUSLY GOTTEN THE VOICEMAIL. I SENT AN EMAIL AND FINALLY GOT A GENERIC ANSWER. I AM EXTREMELY UPSET AND WILL NEVER PURCHASE FROM THIS SELLER. i WILL MAKE IT MY POINT TO LET EVERYONE i KNOW NOT TO AS WELL. "	0
I am fairly new to smartphones. I have found this device to be brilliant. Obviously we always want the newest model but this phablet is amazing. The memory is so big. I have 100s of apps and still have yet to reach my limit. Not to mention there's back up of needed with apps u cab take advantage of. If your a Android kinda person.. this device is for you. It's not to small nor to big. The camera MP is also amazing. Your photos come out super crisp and clear. Great buy. Now I'm looking into the next model because this device is a 10!!	1
"I am fan from windows phone but the Samsung S4 is amazing, i like the features, the size, gaming graphics, very beautiful display. The camera is excellent, great value for the phone. A great christmas gift."	1
"I am fed up with Virgin Mobile phone compatibility with their plans.  For example, this Kyocera Contact is ONLY compatible with Virgin Mobile PayLo plans.  I switched to a Virgin Mobile Unlimited Talk/Text plan because it was a much better deal.  Who would sign up for a PayLo program now?  It's the same price as the unlimited plan!!  Why pay more??   Virgin Mobile is ripping people off by forcing them into higher priced plans because the new phone they bought is not ""compatible"" with their current plan!  Sounds like a marketing scam to me!!"	0
i am from mexico and I am interested in the article but would like the price with shipping saver wing city of Xalapa in Veracruz state which would be the item price with shipping and if you can use with the telephone company in Mexico await your response and thanks for I&amp;amp;amp;amp;apos;m really interested her goodbye antenci�n	1
i am from mexico and I am interested in the article but would like the price with shipping saver wing city of Xalapa in Veracruz state which would be the item price with shipping and if you can use with the telephone company in Mexico await your response and thanks for I&amp;amp;amp;amp;apos;m really interested her goodbye antenci�n	1
I am getting another one for backup wife likes the gravity txt phone	1
I am giving this seller 2 stars.        **1) The phone I received is faulty.  I am receiving an &apos;Invalid battery&apos; error.  When I looked inside I noticed that it was a poor knock-off battery. It does not charge or work at all now.        **2) The phone was advertised as NEW but it is used and/or refurbished. This is not worth the $50 I paid for a used phone.        **Their ad is wrong and PEOPLE should know their sales techniques.       **Please make it right and I will change my rating...	0
I am glad that I bought the phone.  I am sending it to my daughter and was surprised how nice it was and it had no scratched and worked great.	1
"I am going from my Droid Maxx to the Droid Moto, I don't have it all figured out yet but the seller was excellent"	1
I am going to ask the seller to Refund my money.  It was clearly advertised to work with Telus Bell and other Canadian carriers. But does not recognize any of the networks in Canada.   I brought this phone both Telus service dealer and an independent company in town and they both have given up and tell me it won't register on any Network here in Canada. I may contact my Visa as well.   Very Disappointed. 	0
"I am going to link the review of this phone to Ebay that allows fake, refurbished phones from China to be sold on it&apos;s website and to seller bluecn0755 who sells this phone. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE FROM THIS SELLER. The phone did not work, and seller refused to refund the return shipping costs, until I changed negative feedback to positive. SHAME ON YOU bluecn0755, and SHAME ON YOU Ebay for not protecting your customers from FRAUD."	0
"I am going to say Yes on the small form factor, because I guess I don't know what it means, and i don't want to give any negative feedback on this phone seems it is just Awesome I know it's an older new phone but it is as good or better than any new tech.  I love it shoots video in 4K and the camera is just nuts after my Droid Maxx HD this LG V20 is by far the best phone I've had. the seller of this item was super fast and kind and got back to me very quickly on anything I asked them.   Thanks for the great phone and the super fast shipping."	1
I am guardian of a gentleman that needs to be able to contact me when he is out and about but I didn&apos;t want him to have a regular cell phone where someone could take advantage of his minutes and this phone has worked well.	1
i am happy that i was able to finally find a red sony ericson at a good price. i just received the phone and i already love playing with it....thanks so much	1
I am happy with my purchase.  I have no complaints whatsoever.	1
"I am happy with the item, thank you for your business. good product, price, camera and software "	1
"I am having a great time with this phone. So much better than iPhone 5S. Got from eBay seller and it was mint. But not advertised as new. No dings and an ""after market"" charger though I have headphones and it was a super sweet price. I'm coming back to EBay for my phones!"	1
I am having a hard time to charge this phone.It says that this phone comes with a Sim card but i didn&apos;t get one with the phone.The manual is in not in English which makes it quite difficult.Contacting the seller is  big hassel because they take a long time to reply back.	0
I am having a hard time with tih guy of cell phone for ever. I broughta phone and it wasn&apos;t what I was expecting I shipped it back but the don&apos;t want to send me my money back or to exchange for another phone.Please what can I do?	0
I am having a lot of trouble with this seller. I would never recomend this seller nor his product to any of my friends.He is giving me a hard time to have a simple phone shipped to me.	0
I am having a terrible time doing a update to latest OS it came with the oldest OS possible and the bootloader fails to update I spend many hours on it too Google sure doesnt know how to make a OS or a phone	0
"I am having problems with this cell phone, due microphone problems and connectivity interference. I will contact to seller in order to solve this problems."	0
"i am Htc user for a long time, you get a nice phone for a decent money, this one is wonderful, many fixtures for less money, highly recommended phone, i love the sealed boxes, you buy with confidence, A9 is fast, light, nice looking, low price, many nice fixtures and long lasting battery."	1
I am impressed by Microsoft	1
I am impressed with how well it was protected in shipping. I appreciate the fact they took the time in how they shipped it. The phone looks brand new and works great. 	1
"I am impressed. I wanted a phone with a great camera and this phone does not disappoint. Full auto or full manual, normal or wide angle, panoramas and 4K video. WiFi is quick to find and use as well as the Bluetooth. Very easy to use and setup. Great call sound! I was very surprised when I got my first call. It was like they were standing right beside me, actually better then beside me. "	1
I am in love with my new phone! Thank you! Definitely an upgrade from my S6! 	1
I am in love with this phone it is exactly what I wanted at a very reasonable price. I decided to purchase this one from this seller because she was selling it for a very great price.	1
"I am in the cell phone business and have been for a long time, this phone was one of Motorola&apos;s best. I really think that in the Razr Magenta Pink, it looks better than the Razr and you can get it at half the price. Search for it under &quot;T731 Magenta&quot; or &quot;T730 Magenta&quot; there should be a few for sale and see if you agree.     This phone replaced the Motorola T720c and improved some of the issues with that phone. It&apos;s menu navigation doesn&apos;t lag and it has better battery life. You should get one with a new battery, this phone has a large color screen and can drain old batteries.     It has Large Lit keys which makes it easy to operate for people with big fingers, and to see them at night. The whole key pad lights up, not just the numbers and letters.     The Screen is very large and it is easy to see the number you dialed displayed on the screen.     Motorola is known for great reception and this phone has excellent reception.     The only down side is there is no camera built in, otherwise, I really like the style of this phone, especially in Magenta.     Thanks for reading and if you found this guide helpful, please click &quot;Yes&quot; below.     JustCellular on eBay"	1
"I am just beyond upset and disappointed with Ebay here, HUGE false advertising and lack of background/credibility checking with their sellers.  I am just in disbelief as to how this seller can have an account history that only dates to TODAY (July 5th, 2017) and yet someone still have prior reviews from months back?? Primarily, every SINGLE time I attempt to order this product it comes up with ""Error 70297 The seller cannot accept payments right now."" Sorry but that to me is super sketchy, plus I have sent 2 messages during the past 12-hour timespan without ANY response. Fantastic.  "	0
I am just learning to use this phone but it is amazing. Once I learn to use it I am sure I will be very happy.  	1
"I am just surprised to see one of box labeled was teared and when I open and added battery, it was not charging on.I want  a replacement or Money back"	0
I am looking one more later with good memory & another color	0
I am looking to buy another 1 of these phones to replace mine that roommate dropped in the pool. I have yet to find a flip phone that has VOICE READOUT FEATURE. When a call comes in IT VERBALLY TELLS ME WHO IT IS (if in my phone book) or VERBALLY TELLS ME THE NUMBER CALLING. I don&apos;t have tpo stop what I&apos;m doing to SEE who calling. Thereb are not enough ring tones to assign all in my phone book. Just listen to who is calling. I&apos;m am soooo hard on phones my friends say I need a GI Joe combat zone field pack. It has lasted me 2+ years. Thats a tough phone. If your busy busy busy GET THIS PHONE. Mary Peterson Orangevale CA	1
"I am loving it...the seller is top notch.  The phone is worth every penny I spent on it.....works well, features are cool, bettery so far is great"	1
I am loving my new Blackberry!	1
I am loving this phone. 	1
"I am loving this product.  It is super fast and reliable.  The most important thing is it is performing up to my expectations inspite of its appearance, i.e., cracked screen."	1
I am lucky I can get my money back	0
I am mad because i brought to of this items and they havent arrived yet and they should have been here by now its about to be a new month and they still arent here so im just a little upset maybe it was a fake offer i would have loved it if i would have recieved two of them.	0
I am more than pleased with my purchase. Item was perfectly described and blew me away when I received it! Perfect condition! Excellent performance! Would definitely do business again!	1
"I am new to the Android Development SDK, but I can now create and deploy apps straight from my phone. :)"	1
"I am new to the Android Development SDK, but I can now create and deploy apps straight from my phone. :)"	1
"I am new to the Android Development SDK, but I can now create and deploy apps straight from my phone. :)"	1
"I am new to the touchscreen technology, but I fell in love with the Nokia Nuron at a T-Mobile store. The touch screen was easy to use, easy to navigate and was pressure sensitive to any touch, allowing the user to use fingers, fingernails or a little pen.    I bought the phone brand new, and it is slick. (Literally) It slid from my fingers easily, but the rubber casing T-Mobile sells easily solved that. It&apos;s just another $20.     After a month of owning it, the touch screen is not as receptive as it was. I changed protective screen covers and shut it off nightly so it had time to &quot;reset.&quot; At times, the touch screen will not work at all, and I am left to wonder if it&apos;s going to start working again.     I cannot imagime what the phone is going to be like after another month. $150 is too much to spend on a phone that is tempermental after 3 weeks. The phone is adult owned, and is not dropped or taken to the waterpark or other things young phone-owners do.    In conclusion, buy the protective rubber cover and treat this phone like it&apos;s gold. It will work for you when it feels like it.  :)"	0
"I am not a real cell phone user, but decided to upgrade my old Nokia phone with a newer one. What got my attention with the 5230 was:    1. Price...new for $100 (free shipping) from Costco online.  2. Free maps from Nokia that reside on device...so network time needed.  3. Pay as you go (with Tmobile or AT&amp;T (if unlocked).  4. Nokia voice quality.    I have to say, this is a nice unit. No...it is not an iPhone or an Android, but two things I really like that work great are the phone (voice) and the internal GPS. Not only is reception as good as a dedicated Garmin GPS (with High Sensitivity technology), but with a simple (free) application (GPSEd)...you can create tracks and record Waypoints. If you are into mapping, you will know why this is nice. In fact, I can turn the phone on, turn the GPS receiver on (via GPSEd), start a track and put the phone in my coat pocket (in any orientation). It never looses track and records as well as GPS can.     The phone OS is a little funky, but who cares (I don&apos;t). I get a great phone, drivable GPS maps (via OVI maps), and the ability to record tracks and waypoints (via GPSEd)."	1
I am not able to answer questions as I have not been able to use the phone. It does not recognize that the Sim card is installed. Not satisfied..	0
"I am not completely dumb when it comes to getting technology to work for me.  However, I could not get this phone on the network I needed.  I was able to transfer every bit of detail, contacts, and even with help from technology experts, it was a ""no network connection"" for me.  Waste of money for me."	0
i am not deciding to buy that.while i am sign in some one else do that. really i dont know how that transection was made.i am v v v sorry for that. please cancel the transection	1
I am not happy with it I could not activate it because it is locked up	0
"I am not happy with the seller, he gave me a shipping date, he did not comply and on August 14 he told me: Hey, Sorry for the inconvenience the phones just arrived yesterday due to back order.your phones will be shipped out tommorow., And this is not scam and you will not be disappointed. Have a good night dear! On August 15, I did not send the product, I wrote it and I have not had an answer from the seller. And he has not refunded the purchase money"	0
"I am not happy, short battery life, bad quality..., very poor language pack. I think, there are better phones...   I would not recommend this product to a friend and others"	0
I am not paying for this item because in the picture the screen is cracked and in the description he failed to mention it....	0
I AM NOT PLEASED WITH MY PHONE IT IS NOT WORKING PROPERLY.IT KEEPS FREEZING I AM NOT GETTING A GOOD SERVICE FROM IT	0
I am not satisfied with the product it is defective and even though I emailed the seller they aren't willing to resolve the issue. 	0
I am not satisfied. promise high-quality item but sends the poor quality. I received a defective item. but they all want positive feedback response.	0
I am not satisfied. promise high-quality item but sends the poor quality. I received a defective item. but they all want positive feedback response.	0
I am not satisfied. promise high-quality item but sends the poor quality. I received a defective item. but they all want positive feedback response.	0
"I am not sure about battery life because I am using it more now to get up to speed with it. And my so now my battery needs charging more than once a day. Even with that it seems to last longer than my iPhone, that is 3-4 years old. Only time will tell."	1
"I am not sure what you mean by ""Does it have a small form factor""?  This phone from Tekreplay wouldn't hold a charge and would not charge up above 10%.   I sent everything back to them with a note explaining the problem, and asked for an exchange. (It cost $4.00 to return it).  They acknowledged receipt of it but informed me the didn't have another to exchange.    They did credit my paypal a/c with the amount I paid them.   It cost me the return postage, and I ended up with nothing.  Was not a satisfactory transaction"	0
"I am not writing a review on the product but ebay themselves. They suck!!! Horrible customer service, liars. They say they will help you if you have a situation with a seller but they don't !!! Not happy with ebay at all!!! "	0
I am older and don&apos;t care for extra wolfs and whistles or high tech.  I was just looking for a basic phone that is easy to use.  This is the one.  I like the size too as it fits easily in my pocket or purse.	1
I am on my second Note 7 now. Turning it in this week :( This is a rip off !!!!!!!!	0
I am on my second Note 7. I will be returning it this week :(	0
"I am on my third one and it is broken also.  Service is great and push to talk is awesome.  But Lg need to go back to the drawing board on thier durability factor!!!  Also, if you carry in purse or pocket, the side buttons turn features on and off without you knowing it."	0
"I am only giving it a 2 out of 5 cause mine just broke...I had it for exactly one year when the charge port went out (and I guess this is common)...really sad, loved the phone when it worked and now I cannot replace it cause it is discontinued..."	0
"I am only giving it a 2 out of 5 cause mine just broke...I had it for exactly one year when the charge port went out (and I guess this is common)...really sad, loved the phone when it worked and now I cannot replace it cause it is discontinued..."	0
I am pleased with my phone. Nice doing business with you all. I would recommend this website to my friends.	1
"I am pleased with the On5 as a basic phone. I only wish it had 16 GB of memory instead of 8GB. I knew what it was before my purchase, so no disappointments there.  This unlocked T-Mobile phone was well worth the price. "	1
I am pleased with this item and as described it is true. 	1
"I am really disappointed with this purchase, both with seller and with EBay. The product was advertised as Brand New in the box iphone. I received the phone one week after buying it and it was NOT original. You could tell just for the feel and look. Very poor imitation. I complain with ebay and ebay rejected my complain arguing that I have never shipped back the item. But they never told me what should I do!!! Really poor customer service. With this decission ebay is supporting and encouraging this sellers to keep selling fake products. TERRIBLE!!! Don&apos;t buy from this seller and don&apos;t believe the &quot;ebay buyer protection&quot; advertised buy their CEO on the starting page."	0
I am really enjoying my mega2..	1
I am really enjoying this phone&apos;s functions. It has out done the iPhone in large margins. My Mom would like to own one as well. It does not disappoint.	1
I am really enjoying this phone. 	1
I am really glad i got this phone. The only weird thing was that there was pictures still on the phone...but other than that it was great quality.	1
"I am really happy with my phone. XT316 is a bar phone and another  point is that 5 line QWERTY keyboard.  Motorola XT316 also comes with super quality battery life, allowing users to talk, browse the Web, text, play games and videos all day long. And the price isn&apos;t expensive to such a wonderful smartphone! :)"	1
"I am really happy with this phone, I buy three for reserve too is cheap, good phone and easy to use no complain."	1
"I am really happy with this phone, The only thing is that the pictures aren&apos;t really good. The design is nice. It&apos;s a good size, not too big, not to little. This is easy to learn how to use it."	1
"I am really impressed with the phone. Moreover, the items that came with i was not expecting screen protector and a case. It worth the 70 bucks"	1
I am really impressed with this phone.  It was advertised as in excellent condition and it is. Nice to have a really good phone at a really decent price.	1
I am really sorry i pressed wrong numbers $690 please don't consider it as a bid. Thank you. 	0
I am replacing this exact phone that had seen better days. Very positive experience with this model.  Easy to use with all the features for my needs. Love the color and it&apos;s so lightweight.  Inside keyboard makes for easy texting.	1
"I am rescinding my original review. This phone teases you with its 64 bit octacore processor, 16mp camera, and 3gb of RAM, but it's terrible. It randomly loses application data (apps occasionally start as if they'd just been installed). If you want notifications or accessibility services enabled for an app, you have to lock it so the phone doesn't close it. You have to explicitly allow apps (such as add-ons to other apps and apps that run in the background like Tasker (as examples, Tasker won't perform tasks and Greenify's paid features won't work without this)) to start automatically or they won't work. There's no Google calendar support. No way to directly access Google Settings out of the box. The power button is on the side near the middle--the perfect place for you to accidentally shut off your phone by holding the button for 10+ second. The camera sucks if the subject isn't less than two feet away. The screen randomly shuts off. It's dual SIM, but if you want to use two SIM cards, you can't use an sdcard--it's either two SIM cards or one SIM card and one sdcard. It doesn't have NFC. Netflix works fine, but you can't install it from the Play Store (though that may be a Netflix issue)."	0
I am reviewing the seller instead of the Pixel 2.  I was unable to use the phone with Sprint so CDMA it wasn't.  And the seller choose NOT to communicate so eBay WAS wonderful!	0
I am satisfied with the goods	1
i am satisfied with the purchase i made!!!!!! This phone is a gift to my younger sister and i am happy i found this phone in a affordable price!!	1
"I am satisfied with the seller, and that it quickly sent and accurately described the goods as goods and, just like in the description !!!"	1
I am sending it back only had it on a week and the screen went black.	0
I am severly disappointed in the Dell Aero phone.  It boasted a 5 MP camera but takes pictures worse than any camera I have ever seen.  Crappy crappy photos.  Don&apos;t even try to use wi-fi on it.. can&apos;t get any good android apps either.  seems like this phone was made in the 80&apos;s it&apos;s so bad.  Please don&apos;t buy it.  I wish I hadn&apos;t.  Saving up for a real phone!	0
I am so disappointed I bought the phone weeks ago but have not received it.......................	0
I am so furious. I paid quickly and the seller never sent the product. I have asked for refunds and no action is taken. This is a horrible buying experience and I want eBay to step in to get my money back. 	0
"I am so glad that I went on ebay to buy my new phone.  I checked out a lot of places for the same phone and found it to be the cheapest on ebay.  I was very happy with how fast I received it and how well it was packaged. I love my new phone!  Thank you very much, Maryjane"	1
"I am so happy about me phone. The shipping wait was a week,  but I got my phone on the 2nd day.  Customer service is high. Quick responds. The phone so far is good.  Thin,  right size.  This company really works hard.  Good luck for them! "	1
I am so happy there are loyal honest businessmen out there. I was recently ripped off by another ebay person. And just when i lost all hope in doing business on ebay this company came through. They are so great as to going above and beyond your expectaions. Thank you again for THE GREAT SERVICE. it was such a pleasure doing business with you and i cant wait to do business again. Thank you	1
i am so happy with it it works great sell is so nice she writes back quick and let you know everything about the item	1
I am so happy with the phone. The seller sent it out and it arrived earlier than expected. I am extremely happy overall 	1
"I AM SO HAPPY WITH THIS PHONE. WHO NEEDS A PLAN WHEN THERE IS A HIGH PHONE WITH NO CONTRACT SUCH AS THIS ONE.  THE Motorola Triumph SIMPLY THE BEST. SUPER FAST SPRINT NETWORK,GREAT PICTURES,TEXTING,EMAILING,VIDEO,GPS AND YES ALL UNLIMTED FOR 58.00 A MONTH. NO HIDDEN FEES OR EXTRA FEES AT THE END OF EVERY YEAR."	1
"I am so pleased with my purchase. It came super fast, 2 days. I had purchased the same phone refurbished from another seller and was really disappointed with the condition so I sent it back. Ordered from this shop instead the phone looks PERFECT. Not a ding or a scratch anywhere, very nicely packed. Competitive pricing too. Very happy with this purchase. "	1
"I am so pleased with this purchase! It was better than described, I couldn't find any cosmetic flaws on it at all. It works fine, and I am really enjoying it. It even came with a brand new dual port charger!Thank you for a fine product at a fantastic price!  I look forward to doing business with this seller again and I will definitely give the highest recommendation to anyone I know. "	1
"I am so tired of buying things online and having them stolen from my mail box or just never sent, this is the fifth or sixth time I've tried to by eomete and it never comes to my house. The last two were never shippd, this phone I still havent gotten my money back, two packages in the past were stolen from my mail box where the package is slit at the bottom and the product is gone forever. :( So I'm probably not buying things online anymore."	0
I am so unhappy Ive tried to reach out nobody seem to help me make phone is defective keep saying no Sim will not activate Ive purchased a new Sim card	0
I am so unhappy with this phone. I read about how great it was & how good the battery life was. The battery life is very poor. The receiving is not good. I was better off using my old phone. I thought Motorola would be top notch. The Sheriffs Department where I worked before retirement used Motorola radios & they were very good. I am so sorry that I bought this phone.  Frank Bailey	0
I am so very pleased with my purchase. This phone is excellent.  Fast..long battery....the camera is awesome...great purchase. Im very pleased.	1
"I am Soo sorry I did not know that I would be in the lead, is they any way you can cancel me out of this auction? Thanks."	1
"I am soooo happy with this phone, is just what I been looking for long time, I will refer this product to all my friends"	1
I am sorry to say the purchase was charged to my pay pal account shortly after my order and I have Not received the phone.  You may want to remove this account from ebay.  I have contacted them several times with excuses after excuse as to when I will receive my purchase.  I guess it is coming from China. When I purchased it the delivery was 4 to 5 working days that was 8-4-10.  It is now 9-8 and still NO phone.  Last I heard they said 30 to 45 days from purchase.  I am at my wits end.    Your thoughts?    Disgruntled client    Eva	0
"I am sorry, i didn&apos;t know that this phone work with my company, sorry for wasting you time, thank you for understand"	1
"I am still figuring out how to use this phone. However, I really like it. It has massive storage (for me) and long battery life. It fits perfectly in my hand and has stunning color."	1
I am still learning it. But it is a great smart phone to start with. 	1
I am still trying to get this phone connected.	0
I am still waiting for the item! I have contacted the selger for some days ago but still did not got my HP iPAQ Glisten - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone.	0
I am super impressed with quality of product! exceeds description quality  in person ! Seller super responsive!!!! replied promptly to EVERY EMAIL!! 	1
I am the kind of person who goes through phones every 3 months. Until now. The slvr has got to be the best phone on the market. The quality of the phone compared to any other is incrediable. Also a big key to getting a good working phone is to NEVER get an unlocked phone. If you have Cingular stick with a Cingular phone. If you have Sprint stick with a Sprint phone ect. For all Cingular customers this phone will serve it&apos;s purpose plus some.	1
I am thr one who bid 999. I want to buy it but it doesn't ship to india.  Then whats the point in winning the bid...!	0
I am thrilled and will recomend to others to get this gadget. I will tell others to get this item. It is a value for money with great battery life and awesome features	1
I am totally upset about my purchase of the Motorola T720. I used it for less than two weeks and the hinge broke which made it non working. The 7 day warranty had expired so I am stuck with no phone and out $41.00. This has turned me sour about using ebay to purchase items.	0
"I am unable to do a true review about this phone because I never opened or used it. I sold it to someone who actually needed it. I was the not so smart person who just bought the phone without really looking at the description before I ordered it. My mom needs a new phone because hers is damaged so I was going to get this one for her for her birthday BUT she does not want or need a smartphone, she just needs a basic one (she&apos;s in her mid 50&apos;s) just for emergencies. All in all the phone looked good and like it would be a good one for someone who just is starting out with a smartphone. The person I sold it to has no problems with it, it works well."	1
"I AM UNABLE TO RATE THIS PRODUCT, BECAUSE ALTHOUGH I PAID FOR IT, I HAVE NOT RECEIVED YET. SO I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED, BECAUSE I EXPECTED, SINCE THIS IS THE FIRST TIME I BUY BY E-BAY, THAT WOULD BE GERAT, UNFORTUNATELY, IT WA NOT."	0
I am unable to use product that was purchased i resold the item now the person is requesting a refund because the person i bought it from said it was new but the phone can not be reactivated until the old account is released the seller that i purchased phone from is not responding to any emails regarding the issue sprint says that he still has time on his 2 year contract that he has to release in order to reactivate phone	0
"I am unsatisfied with this phone, the screen goes black and doesn't come back on when i hit the lock button, i can't hold the phone certain ways without it acting weird (i.e. top of the phone, can't hold it too tight, etc). & it's doing everything my last phone did, which is the whole reason i bought a new phone in the first place. This is really irritating."	0
i am using the sanyo pro 700 and i like the phone. i like it how it flips. the screen on the front tells who is calling and getting text messages. it is a rugged phone and nice phone.	1
I am using the sidekick as a temp. phone because I drop my blackberry in the toilet and I didn&apos;t want to spend 140 to get the same one when I am about to upgrade in 5 months.  I am  only going to use the sidekick as a temp phone.	1
I am using this as a music player only.  With 24/192 and MQA playback this is an awesome media player when used with a good set of headphones.  I usually play with the Tidal music service.  Phone came to me with only a tiny scratch.  Why buy new?	1
I am using this phone for parts because when I tried to load it I couldn't. I was told the phone was never scanned at the store where it was originally sold. Probably it was stolen or fell of the back of a truck. Either way its very disappointing. I would never buy from this source again.	0
"I am using this product for almost a month. The most important thing for me is accessing my email. I begin to spend less time on my labtop or ipad since I purchased this product. Great design, great keyboard, and great touch."	1
"I am usually satisfied with the products I've purchased on ebay, unfortunately this product didn't work out. It came unable to power up, despite all my efforts and even though I was told to the contrary. It happens, so I returned the product. Thats one thing I do appreciate about ebay, I was able to get a refund from the dealer / vendor and my paypal account was credited. This one glitch will not sour me on making purchases in the future. JUst need to use caution when purchasing used or refurbished products.  Sincerely  T. Kaleiopu"	0
"I am very demotivated, because I bought the item on october 28 and they told me they shipped products."	0
I am very disappointed in this phone the Sony z3v will run circle's around it.	0
I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED THIS PHONE IS ADVERTIZED AS NEW AND IT DEFINTELY IS NOT. I WAS SENT A CHARGER THAT IS FOR A DIFFERENT MODEL CELL PHONE.. I PURCHASED MOTOROLA AND GOT CHARGER FOR AN LG. WHICH I NOW DO NOT HAVE A WORKING CELL PHONE AS I CANT EVEN CHARGE MY PHONE BECAUSE THE CHARGER SAYS UNABLE TO CHARGE.. I AM HOPING TO HAVE A RESPONSE TO THIS VERY SOON AND BE ALLOWED TO PURCHASE A DIFFERENT NEW PHONE THAT IS SENT ASAP..	0
I am very disappointed to win an auction and is still the date that has not sent said article has to be more responsible	0
"I am very disappointed with this phone it is in poor condition and is locked very heavy wear in the photo that was not visible, you opened it intentionally.bad seller. I want my money back. "	0
"I am very disappointed with this transaction. The phone arrived not as described, (it was used not new), and then after 3 trips to Verizon and the Apple stores, I find out that there is a serious problem with the phone and it cannot be activated. The communication with the Seller was always delayed and at the end of the day I am out of pocket for $7.65 for the return postage to get my money back. I am not a Happy eBayer!!!!"	0
"I am very disappointed, the phone will not activate and is not as advertised. I have tried to contact the company for refund and have not been contacted to complete the return. "	0
"I am very disappointed. The pone is great but the phone that you sell is not what you offer. It is made for at &amp; t and not with the NOKIA logo (the picture you show is a lie), plus the battery cover is not the original, comes with scratches and the camera too. This phone is worn or altered. Finally, the &quot;Internet Sharing&quot; is locked and can not be used."	0
I am very displeased. i can&apos;t even use this phone and could never contact the seller to return or exchange it. they failed to inform me that this phone is not compatible with the cellular south plan that i specifically asked for.	0
I am very dissapointed I received my phone but it's absolutely not what the picture has on it 	0
"I am very dissatisfied, the seller did not want to send the goods to my country and canceled my order myself, which I honestly won! On the request to pay for the delivery of my brush, he did not agree!  Unfortunately I can not recommend this seller"	0
"I am very glad I bought this phone. It is so much nicer than any other I have found. I love the duel screen. It is a bit heavy but I am already used to that minor detail. So far, so good. Fast shipping, also. Just a great phone.   Thank you."	1
I am very glad! thanks for the wonderful phone!	1
"I am very happy  no surprises as spected.  Great condition, faster.  Good seller. highly recommended."	1
"I am very happy with everything I have ordered on E-bay!!! If tere was a problem, the people I purchased the item from corrected it immediately. There were absolutely no problems that weren&apos;t correctly addressed..... Thank you!!!!!"	1
"I am very happy with my phone, its just what I wanted!"	1
I am very happy with my purchase. 	1
I am very happy with my purchase.  Seller responded quickly to my questions.  Thank you for the good experience!   	1
I am very happy with my purchase.  This phone is very user friendly.  I like the fact that the headset and chargers from my last samsung phone are usable with this phone.	1
I am very happy with my purchase. Great price and the phone is in excellent condition. Thanks! 	1
"I am very happy with my purchased it. Great Deal, I recommended this product and ebayer to the community... Happy shopping..."	1
I am very happy with seller I will return!!! Fast delivery! I am looking for another phone I will check the seller out for another experience with them!!! We already have gotten the first phone it&apos;s has everything I we are looking for in a phone thank you!!! I am please the phone has wifi first and foremost!!! I&apos;m one happy and excited customer!!!	1
"I am very happy with the phone! I recommend to this person, very responsible!! "	1
"I am very happy with the phone.  But the seller sold it to me as New when it did not meet the  eBay definition of New.  It had been opened and two small parts were left out of the shipment.  I requested a $50 refund to compensate me and the seller refused.  The matter remains unresolved because I cannot see how to submit a claim thru eBay.  This seller tried to pull a fast one, believing no one would miss the missing SIM tray key and plastic bumper.  It is hard to tell if some other detail is missing because the packaging was opened.  I would not return the item because I liked it and I didn't want the seller to have the chance to do this to someone else."	0
I am very happy with the product thanks to the excellent care seller!  buy it for the excellent rating of the seller	1
I am very happy with the purchase of this Apple product through this seller. They provided an excellent product at a great price. Shipping was speedy as well. Nice job!	1
"I am very happy with the purchase of this unlocked phone. I have only just started using it, so I do not have a lot of specifics, but so far so good. And the buying process was easy. No complaints at all."	1
I am very happy with the purchase. 	1
"i am very happy with this phone , i decided to buy b/c i never had a smartphone before so i figured i should just get the best and i feel i made no mistake when i got this phone easy to use"	1
"I am very happy with this phone, worthy for the price and the saller is amazing. I strongly recomend this guy for business."	1
I am very happy with this phone. This is my 2nd one and i have been using since 2009. Couldnt be better :)	1
"I am very happy with this product, it is working perfectly."	1
I am very happy with this product. I was searching a good seller and I found it. I am very impressed with the services and excellent shipping. And of course the price is excellent. Highly recommended!	1
I am very happy with this product. I was searching a good seller and I found it. I am very impressed with the services and excellent shipping. And of course the price is excellent. Highly recommended!	1
"I am very happy with this seller because after I mistakenly ordered the wrong phone they let me return it hassle free even though it was no fault of their own. When I received the phone it was exactly how they said, in near perfect condition with maybe a tiny scratch here and there. It had a long battery life and came with a good quality charger. "	1
"I am very Happy with this Windows Phone. Many Apps Available Now, it&apos;s just missing a couple I wanted, But spoke to the Developers and they are already on it and will be out soon."	1
"I am VERY happy with your product and services.  Very fast shipment, excellent product! Would be happy to purchase from you again!!! A+++++++++++++++++++++"	1
I am very pleased about my new cell phone. Seller did good job in updating the status. the whole transaction was smooth.	1
I am very pleased the whole experience.  Seller answered questions quickly and I received the item quickly.	1
"I am very pleased to have made this purchase, the cell phone fulfills all my expectations, and would buy in the not too distant future perhaps another similar terminal"	1
I am very pleased with my new Samsung Galaxy J7 Sky Pro !!	1
"I am very pleased with my phone, i have not had any trouble with it.  The process andshipping was very fast. I will do business with this firm at a later date."	1
"I am very pleased with my purchase and a pleasure to do business with this seller. They answer my query promptly before I place the order, I was pleasantly surprised to receive my new phone before the expected delivery date. Love the new phone, easy to use with its intuitive interface, has all the features I want, moving from my old iphone 5 to this was the right choice for me. Five star buying experience, will buy from this seller again if suitable products comes up, highly recommended."	1
"I am very pleased with my purchase.I purchased this product to replace my IPone4 16g. I needed a higher gb for downloading apps, this one will serve the purpose."	1
I am very pleased with the purchase and the quick turnaround.  The product was delivered as described. Thanks!	1
"I am very pleased with the S8+.  It came early, looks like a new one minus some of the accessories which I knew were not included. Would buy again if needed. "	1
"I am very pleased! Nice features brought me back to this model like the display, camera and beats audio...etc. "	1
I am very sad about the phone I recently receive because the phone was used and the chargeur doesn&apos;t work even the memory card support was broke.   so up to now I don&apos;t even used the phone and don&apos;t know what to do with...	0
I am very satisfied with my purchase! It came pretty quickly and the phone was pretty much in perfect condition! I will definitely be buying from them again! Thank you!	1
I am very satisfied with the purchase and with the debtor I recommend it	1
I am very satisfied with this cellphone! I have not seen any problems with this phone so far. My daughter loves it and says she will keep it forever. She loves most of all the 8 MP camera. Thank You and Happy New Year!	1
I am very satisfied with this item	1
"I am very satisfied with this phone.  All data functions work great, monthly plan is cheap... the only problem is that the buttons are way too hard  to press with my giant catchers mitt hands.  Otherwise, perfect."	1
I am very satisfied with this product and the seller being so very helpful. THis product was everything that the seller stated and more. He made my experience very good and it was not difficult to purchase this item at all. Because of the holiday i still recieved my purchase in less time then i expected.	1
"I am very satisfied with this product,it is value for money and I will recommend some friends of mine how good this product is to purchase."	1
I am very satisfied with this seller and the item purchased. 	1
I am very sorry about this review. However I am not able to give you any information as the item was never received and although I chose the item because it was a good phone that I had the opportunity to try and want to use but it was never received.	0
I am very sorry about this review. However I am not able to give you any information as the item was never received and although I chose the item because it was a good phone that I had the opportunity to try and want to use but it was never received.	0
I am very sorry about this review. However I am not able to give you any information as the item was never received and although I chose the item because it was a good phone that I had the opportunity to try and want to use but it was never received.	0
"I AM VERY UNHAPPY WITH THIS PURCHASE, AND WITH THE WAY SOME CLAIMS ARE HANDLED, ESPECIALLY THIS ONE. I PURCHASED THIS PHONE, PAID $28.95 FOR &apos;&apos;SUPER FAST PRIORITY SHIPPING&apos;&apos; AFTER NOT RECEIVING IT FOR 2 WEEKS I FILED A CLAIM. I FINALLY RECEIVED A USED, NOT NEW IN THE BOX LIKE I PURCHASED, DEAD ON ARRIVAL PHONE. BUT BECAUSE THEY PROVIDED A TRACKING NUMBER TO PAYPAL I LOST MY CLAIM. SO IT DIDN&apos;T MATTER TO PAYPAL WHAT I RECEIVED, AS LONG AS THEY COULD PROVE THEY SENT SOMETHING. AND YOU CAN ONLY FILE 1 CLAIM FOR AN ITEM. WELL, MY FEELING IS THIS COMPANY WAS WELL AWARE OF THAT POLICY AND TOOK FULL ADVANTAGE OF IT.  SOMETHING HAS TO BE CHANGED. THIS JUST ISN&apos;T RIGHT."	0
i am very upset with  this purchase and just not happy	0
I am very upset with my purchase of these phones I went to get them activated today only to find out that they are not able to get activated as all 5 phones have been reported lost or stolen all of which were from diferent accounts. I WILL NEVER BUY FROM THIS SELLER AGAIN !!!!!!!!	0
I am very upset. The phone keeps turning off while being fully charged. 	0
I am waiting to receive my phone ..... the seller don&apos;t want to resolve the matter........ Seller send it as seller said to wrong address...	0
I am warning you. Please Do NOT buy from this seller unless you are planing on getting scam. Kim sold the item that didn't fit the description and claimed she didn't receive the item after I mailed it even though she gave me the return address and I lost my $127plus shipping so watch out for a scam artist like this one. 	0
I am with the phone. So far it works pretty well.No dropping call. The order was delivered on time. Great job!	1
I am. having. problems. for. recharge. the. battery. of the. phone  	0
"I and a few friends have been using this phone for years.  We love it.  Small, elegant, metal case, easy to use.  It is perfect for voice and text.  None of us use it for Wi-Fi or Bluetooth; the screen is small.  The only occasionally negative reviews suggest the touchscreen is fragile.  I broke mine after 4 years.  So, I ordered a new phone, and 2 replacement touchscreens at 9 bucks each, and 2 replacement batteries at 5 bucks each.  I'm all set."	1
"I and my family have had at least 8 Nokia phones over the years and they have always been great, until now. This is the worst Nokia I have ever owned. When I am driving it drops the cell signal, even when I know I am in a strong signal area. I am very disappointed and would not recommend this phone. I also contacted Nokia support in hopes of getting some help or advice, that proved to be a waste of time.  This may be my last Nokia."	0
i and my two kids loved. this is best kid fhone i ever had. thks again. carlitosway025. gracias nuevamente a mi y a mis dos nenes nos encanta el celular es practico y nos ah ayudado para comunicarnos. gracias nuevamente.	1
"I apologize but Great Call informed me that three of their  Jitterbug phones are now obsolete, and the Jitterbug J is one  of them. The phone can no longer be activated. So I purchased  a phone that I can never use."	0
"I appologize for jumping the gun on this item, after fully charging the phone, everything is working properly, please disregard the rating that was given, I am very pleased with this item--thank you"	1
I appreciate how quickly I received my phone. This item was in great condition. You never know when you buy something online. I was pleasantly surprised by this purchase. Thanks!	1
I appreciate TRUTH and this person told the truth.  My child lost their NEW Virgin Mobile Wildcard and I initially refused to pay the steep price that it was - once again.  Boy was I joyed to see one for half the price.  Thanks for describing the item to the tee.!!!!Good selling	1
"I appreciated your honesty and I look forward to have transactions with you in the future. Best Regards, AnhNBuy"	1
"I ask them the phone is broke down can you help me, but they did not care at all because they get the money?  XXX  NEVER EVER AGAIN BUY FROM THIS PERSON HE SALE BAD ITEM XXX "	0
"I asked a question before bidding would the HANDS FREE EAR PIECE work with my Samsung X495 - the seller said it would so I placed a bid for his Item - it doesn&apos;t work on my phone and I want a full refund.     As a seller &amp; buyer with a 98.7% rating - I realize it is difficult to please everyone - this seller needs to bite the bullet, take back the item &amp; offer the refund &amp; he&apos;s not willing too?"	0
"I asked about the general info regarding to this cell phone before bidding, but seller just replied that there&apos;s no scratches on the monitor, however, he didn&apos;t say anything about scratches on each corner of the bottom and one at the back.That&apos;s why I think he just used it about 3 months and it&apos;s almost new, then I decided to buy it even at a high price. When I received the item, I asked him about it, he said he did tell me every detail of the item. So I asked him to forward those messages to me to review, coz I didn&apos;t find any words he described to me in the previous messages. After it, I waited about 4 days, he never reply me again, I don&apos;t know whether it&apos;s because he couldn&apos;t show me any or he just want to ignore my communication with him, then I leave a negative feedback to him. I think it&apos;s really unfair for me to get a negative feedback. Because from my previous feedback you can see I am a very serious and responsible buyer."	0
I asked fir an unlocked mobile GSM put my sim in it and it does not work why           I sent you many pictures and letters I need an unlocked mibile to use in Egypt isxnit unlacked whyb	0
I asked for direct information and until today I did not have a return.	0
"I asked him the cell phone that needed a button, the most important, the battery came with default load not last three calls, the memory clip came loose, the salesman told me that I should talk to the first, but the truth is too disappointed."	0
I asked if the phone worked with an AT&amp;T sim card and I was told it did.  It doesn&apos;t.  So I have a phone that I can&apos;t use.  The price was very inexpensive and the phone was shipped to me quickly.	0
I asked if there was anything  wrong with the phone there were no actual  photos of the phone and there are ghost icons on the display screen I wouldn't  have bought it if I knew that was the condition. The seller didn't provide that information up front. 	0
I asked the buyer to please please give me the owners password.  In order for me to connect to ed the code.   So I now have a worthless phone that would cost me more to return tahn donate it. won&apos;t buy a phone again.	0
I asked the people that are selling this phone if it works up in Can on Virgin Mobile and they said yes !  It does not work up here and will not hold a signal !!!!  I asked if they would take it back they said no!!  I am warning anyone thinking about buying this up in Canada it will not work period !!!!!! 	0
"I asked the seller for a refund the same day my daughter purchased the item without my consent & he ignored me & didn't respond until the next to let me know that they were shipping the item anyway. Then after they shipped it they wrote me a message telling me to return the item for a refund, & I'm like why did you send the item in the first place if I asked to cancel the purchase literally minutes after my daughter purchased it"	0
I asked the seller if the order can be canceled because it was not placed by me and he agreed to do it. Despite the fact that right on the item it said what it was and that all sales were final he was nice enough to understand my explanation and released me from the commitment. Totally fair and would buy from him if ever i needed any item he sells.	1
"I asked the seller specifically if this phone worked with AT&amp;T. The seller stated that the phone had been tested with an AT&amp;T sim card. When I received the phone, it showed that I had no network service available. I contacted AT&amp;T customer service support. They stated that the phone I purchased will not work with AT&amp;T. I am very unsatisfied with the sellers lack of cooperation in resolving this matter. I am also upset that the seller lied to me to get me to purchase the phone. I will NEVER recommend this seller, if anything I would recommend not purchasing anything this seller has to offer. An untruthful seller is not a person you want to purchase an item from!!!!!"	0
"I asked the seller specifically if this phone worked with AT&amp;T. The seller stated that the phone had been tested with an AT&amp;T sim card. When I received the phone, it showed that I had no network service available. I contacted AT&amp;T customer service support. They stated that the phone I purchased will not work with AT&amp;T. I am very unsatisfied with the sellers lack of cooperation in resolving this matter. I am also upset that the seller lied to me to get me to purchase the phone. I will NEVER recommend this seller, if anything I would recommend not purchasing anything this seller has to offer. An untruthful seller is not a person you want to purchase an item from!!!!!"	0
I asked the seller to ship the phone quick because I was currently without a phone. Two days later the phone arrived in perfect condition. Thank you so much what a great deal!	1
"I asked them if the touch worked, and they told me yes...and when the phone comes, the touch didn't work. Bad description."	0
"I asked this seller if I would encounter any problems activating this phone and I was told there wouldn't be. I g to the Sprint store to activate it and was told the phone was stolen. When I told them how much I bought it for, I was told that's typically how much DEMO phones are worth.   DO NOT trust this seller. "	0
I asked you several times about shipping date.  No reply from you.    It&apos;s almost 2 weeks that I havne&apos;t received my Nokia e70.  Would you please reply on it?   or return the amount.	0
I asked you to only send this phone if it works for Iwireless it does not this is very wrong and bad business and you lied	0
"I assume the phone works about as well as other Motorolla phones, similar in design (e.g. 485, etc.) - but, I have not placed this phone in service yet."	1
I attempted to start using this phone upon reciept and it did not work. I contacted the carrier&apos;s customer service and Blackberry customer service and they both confirmed that this phone is damaged and inoperable. I had to buy another phone.	0
I barely got to use this device because it fell once on the subway plat from and didn't work after that. 	0
I basically use it for phone and text. it is functional very good.	1
i baught apple Iphone 1st Generation unlocked  but i found it is locked also the screen damage ( broken screen) still now is no working only emergency call. i did connect with iTunes but still is not working    what i do now?  and  befor buy this iphone i was see picture is nice but when i see him real is no niceee. i think the last time i buy online .	0
i baught apple Iphone 1st Generation unlocked  but i found it is locked also the screen damage ( broken screen) still now is no working only emergency call. i did connect with iTunes but still is not working    what i do now?  and  befor buy this iphone i was see picture is nice but when i see him real is no niceee. i think the last time i buy online .	0
i baught apple Iphone 1st Generation unlocked  but i found it is locked also the screen damage ( broken screen) still now is no working only emergency call. i did connect with iTunes but still is not working    what i do now?  and  befor buy this iphone i was see picture is nice but when i see him real is no niceee. i think the last time i buy online .	0
I baught this Blackberry smartphone because i used to have another Blackberry in the past and i was very pleased of it .   I also like its design .I am very satisfied of this product .	1
i being having a lot of problems with this phone . it gets hot and stops working and reboots ramdonly 	0
"I beleve this phone has problem the battery dosnt hold charges after few calls the battert blinking for re charge,I bought new battery from motorola and I charge over night  after few calls the phone battery inductor start to blink again."	0
I believe it was sent to the wrong address.  Haven't received it yet!	0
I believe my account was hacked!!!  Please help me!	0
I believe that this is a fake copy and not the original.  Please do not buy from this company. Ebay should not be allowing this company to sell!	0
"I believe the seller was overly cautious when he/she described the condition of this phone.  It was in excellent condition.  I have been using it for several days now and everything works great.  This is my fourth (4th) Razr V3 and I hope to stock up on some used or refurbished ones so I&apos;ll always have one to use.  I have dropped these phones and even got one of them wet and they still work. The newer phones don&apos;t compare to the Razr V3.  I wish Motorola would bring them back out, just like the old ones."	1
"I believe the seller was overly cautious when he/she described the condition of this phone.  It was in excellent condition.  I have been using it for several days now and everything works great.  This is my fourth (4th) Razr V3 and I hope to stock up on some used or refurbished ones so I&apos;ll always have one to use.  I have dropped these phones and even got one of them wet and they still work. The newer phones don&apos;t compare to the Razr V3.  I wish Motorola would bring them back out, just like the old ones."	1
"I believe this second good phone i ordered and the other was moto e from the same dealer both with good results, wonce it was sent, it took two days to deliver. "	1
"I bid and won this item @ $885 +$15 shipping but seller won't ship to me. He tried to trick me by saying the item could be 6GB RAM when it was described as 12GB and after 4 days of waiting for the item to be shipped, the seller sent me a refund. I suspect the item as either a clone S10+ 1TB or the seller is tricky and a fraud. Ebay can check my correspondence with the seller(mister.crest) to confirm my claim. Be careful guys, there are lots of clone S10+ here. I bid, won and paid for S10+512GB for my wife and a seller shipped a clone from Asia. It could be that this mister.crest guy also wanted to rip me off as well. "	0
i bid on a iphone 4s after i won the bid it said iphone 4s box only.cheated me out of the phone.xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx	0
I bid on these phones and my buy was not able to be filled. so I cancelled my buy and still looking for a pair of phones.	0
"I bid on this item because it said that it had never been used, after I had won the item I got an email telling me that he had sold it to the seller and that the phone was was used... Therefore I no longer wanted the phone. Rude seller!!"	0
"I bidded and won a Samsung SCH-450 Messenger Phone from Revived Cellular Technology for $50.00, This company should be put out of business. I am VERY dis-satified with this phone. The screen is so scratched up it&apos;s like looking thru a pair of bi-focal glasses. The phone is missing buttons, not only does the phone have scratches, it has dents all over of it. This companys mislead me when they said it had a few scratches and MINOR wear, That&apos;s a bald face lie. This phone should have gone in the trash, but this company Revived sold is this phone to a customer. You people should be ashamed of the type of business you&apos;re running, and the kind of product you&apos;re selling customers. I am so angry I don&apos;t know what to do."	0
"I bidded and won a Samsung SCH-450 Messenger Phone from Revived Cellular Technology for $50.00, This company should be put out of business. I am VERY dis-satified with this phone. The screen is so scratched up it&apos;s like looking thru a pair of bi-focal glasses. The phone is missing buttons, not only does the phone have scratches, it has dents all over of it. This companys mislead me when they said it had a few scratches and MINOR wear, That&apos;s a bald face lie. This phone should have gone in the trash, but this company Revived sold is this phone to a customer. You people should be ashamed of the type of business you&apos;re running, and the kind of product you&apos;re selling customers. I am so angry I don&apos;t know what to do."	0
"I bidded on a phone and one so I messaged the seller and asked if it 100% worked on Verizon because I wanted to add it to my line and he said I was asking too many questions and not enough paying, then I said dude I asked one question and you just being disrespectful then he said well Ill just cancel it and repost it then he just canceled it. Hes hateful and disrespectful I really wanted to buy that phone but he couldnt even answer one question he just started being hateful and disrespectful"	0
I bit for an iphone i guess he dint want the amount bitted and i made my payment and he cancelled my order ........i just checked on his feed backs and its 0 now his 0-........	0
"I bot this Cricket Samsung as a backup since I already had a new one just like it. I was very pleased in the condition of this phone as it was very clean and the price was great. It is just a very basic phone, nothing fancy like some of the higher priced phones, but it&apos;s what I needed. Very pleased with the product and the price."	1
i both 2 off this phone to give a presend to my nefews and they like them they are just good for thise children verry happy	1
"I bough an iPhone 7 256 gigas to Abdul Kareem a Saturday for 700$ (Very cheap but I trusted the seller, he had good comments). I paid with PayPal. After that I asked him a couple of questions to know if this iPhone was blacklisted and about the AppleCare. He didn't answer me so I resent him my questions by the eBay mail and directly with his personal mail. On eBay it was noted that the article was posted and that we would send me soon the tracking number. I had to receive the article the next Monday. On Wednesday I wrote him to know the tracking numbers which was not indicated on eBay. And on the Tuesday morning Abdul refunded me but didn't tell me what had happened. Nothing said with the refunds. It's weird and how to trust him ? He never explained me anything and still today I wait for his news to know the exact reason of why I refunded me but the article was supposed to be sent... don't trust him ! My conclusion is that his iphones 7 are fake or blacklisted or he has something to hide about the provenance of them. Guillaume "	0
"I bough this phone and the seller said it was in completely functional conditioning. Unfortunately, they lied. The phone works occasionally and the screen doesnt work when you press it which makes it very hard to type a message or do anything. I messaged this seller and they wont let me return it.   DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS SELLER!!"	0
I bough this phone on eBay two months back and its been working perfectly fine.  The sound quality and picture quality is amazing. Its very sleek and looks beautiful.	1
"I bought  this phone for over $200; got it set-up at Verizon and discovered the speaker on the phone doesn't work! (So when I call people I can't hear them, crackly etc). I wrote the seller, told him about the problem, stated I wanted my money back or a replacement. NEVER heard from him. So now I'm out over $200 with a junk phone. "	0
I BOUGHT  THIS PONE ALMOST 3 WEEKS AGO AND IM SO DESAPOINTED BECAUSE THIS PONE DIDNT WORK!! I WASTE $20.00 FOR JUNK! I DONT RECOMMEND ANYBODY BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS PERSON!!	0
I bought 2 and my kids loved them.	1
I bought 2 busted phones from these folks. Between the broken one I had at home I was able to fix both of them. So for just a few bucks I have a working phone and a spare! What&apos;s not to love?  These folks shipped quickly and did a good job packaging my purchases. Bravo!	1
I bought 2 cellphones from this seller but they were not unlocked as advertised. When I contacted the seller just to ask why they were not unlocked the replied was They were unlocked when we had them unbelievable; in other words he suggested we tempered with the devices like we are technology savvies. I just bought them to my nieces who has not clues about blocking devices. 	0
I bought 2 galaxy note 4(duo) but one of them was broken after 2months use. we brought it to Samsung but they refused to repair it as it is not from them and told us it is a fake phone. the other one can be charged upto 80% only.	0
"I bought 2 iPhones back to back from this company and neither one worked. They did send me return shipping and did refund my money promptly, but it was almost 3 weeks before I got another one from a different company that actually worked. "	0
"I bought 2 LG L63BL to use them in the Dominican Republic, the phones I tried to release them for my country and even now it seems impossible, the phone has the room modified by tracfone, the phone does not ask for unlocked pim as the phones of at & t, cricket, Verizon, and does not have any applications available as the device unlock MetroPCS or T-Mobile to release them, I feel that I lost my money to make this purchase, and the worst thing is that the phone I really like the truth is a shame .  compre 2 LG L63BL para usarlos en Republica Dominicana, Los telefonos he intentado liberarlos para mi pais y hasta a ahora parece algo imposible, el telefono tiene la room modificada por tracfone, el movil no pide pim de desbloqueo como los telefonos de at&t, cricket, Verizon, y no tiene ninguna aplicacion disponible como la device unlock  de MetroPCS o T-Mobile para poder liberarlos, siento que he perdido mi dinero al hacer esta compra, y lo peor de todo es que el telefono me gusta mucho la verdad es una lastima."	0
"I bought 2 of these at $200 each for a friend who had a very tight budget.  Although, they are pre-owned and a couple of years old, they still work very well.  Data download is very fast due to LTE, camera quality is very good and set up was fast and easy. This phone comes with 64 gb storage so it will not run out of memory too easily.  The 4&quot; screen is a bit small in comparison to the current models but for the price, it can&apos;t be beat.      I highly recommend this phone especially if you could get it at around $200.  The two I got were in very good condition 8/10.  There were no scratches on the screens, just a little discoloration on the corners.  They can be easily covered up with new cases.  Apple makes very good quality products, I am confident that these phones will last for many years."	1
I bought 2 of these for my boys. We have had nothing but trouble. Both have broken and had to be replaced multiple times. I would not suggest these to anyone. I just bought them for the wifi capabilities.	0
I bought 2 of these phones as new they came with just the phone no charger head phones no warranty card these phones are used or refurbished the numbers were cut off the box and replaced with stickers with new numbers the sale r said I had to buy 2 more phones to get the parts I played for I em not going to do that these phones were taken to at&amp;t and we paid to get them working properly I em not paying for that again the saler will not just give me what I played for I told him all I want is what is supposed to come with the phone don&apos;t buy from this buyer&apos;s won&apos;t know what you will get it is hitting hard to find a honest saler any more	0
I bought 2 of these phones for my daughters. One is currently working but has low battery life. The other stopped working. It was working for about a month and it stopped. It can't find the signal and continues to search for the cellular connection. I switched out the sim cards to see if it was the card and the card worked in another phone and the new card did the same thing- searching for service. So I took it to the cellular company and they told me it was the phone.	0
I bought 2 of this phone from heights2012mobile and it was a piece of crap. trust me it is. everything positive you have seen here about this phone is a lie and i think it was written by the seller. I turned this phone to them and still don&apos;t have my money back. pls avoid thisphone and this seller	0
"I bought 2 phones from them and now they are tmobile locked so becarefull with your phone this phony guys sell u ""unlock phones"" but after a while they get locked. Smh cant belive i bought 2 phones "	0
I bought 2 phones neither one works. unable to contact seller or get a refund. Is this a scam???  Please help.	0
I bought 2 pieces and all doesn't have ability to add APN and even accept one sent by the ISP. What a waste of money. I just give the dude positive feedback for quick delivery but phone was absolutely sht.	0
I bought 3 cell phones from this store and one of them got damaged and does not want to give me back my money. I do not want to cheat another person. the fault is not mine that the product arrives damaged I am uncomfortable with that.	0
"I bought 3 flip phones. When I received the phones, I noticed there was no power plugs for them. Also the outside screen of one phone is not working. Soooo- over this last week, I called two or three times and left messages and also emailed them of my problems. No call back. No email reply. No more ordering from these people. Not good!"	0
I bought 3 one was not j7 star..one had damaged lcd so wasnt touching at bottom of screen..spoke to seller and using excuses blaming shipper when all 3 arrived ok in packaging but one being defective..not good at all!!!I have video evidence to prove also one of the phones was 16gb contrary to what advertised...very bad sale will not buy again from this seller	0
"I bought 3 phones from different sellers on E-Bay and this one was one of the last to get paid, yet I got this phone before any of the others.  It was a Christmas present for my daughter and I got the phone just in time!  Thank you!"	1
"I BOUGHT 3 PHONES FROM THIS PERSON ,I WAS CHARGED 29.95 SHIPPING AND IT COST LESS TO SHIP ALL 3 THAN 9.95.THEY NEED TO KNOW HOW TO SHIP THESE PHONES .THE BATTERIES ARE NOT TO BE IN THE PHONES WHEN THEY ARE SHIPPED  !!!!!!!!!"	0
"I BOUGHT 3 PHONES FROM THIS PERSON ,I WAS CHARGED 29.95 SHIPPING AND IT COST LESS TO SHIP ALL 3 THAN 9.95.THEY NEED TO KNOW HOW TO SHIP THESE PHONES .THE BATTERIES ARE NOT TO BE IN THE PHONES WHEN THEY ARE SHIPPED  !!!!!!!!!"	0
"I bought 4 of these eBay S4 phones based on my experience with my full price phone with T Mobil. All 4 phones had broken screens within a couple days. Two of the phones had camera quality issues. Battery life is poor, have to charge 3 times a day if you used it much at all. I believe these phones are counterfeit knock offs."	0
I BOUGHT 4 OF THESE PHONES FOR MY FAMILY AND MY SELF.IT IS THE BEST PHONE I HAVE EVER HAD.I WOULD BUY ANOTHER ONE IF MINE WENT BAD.	1
I bought a $35 airtime straight talk card for the phone and phone still hasn't worked wasted my money I was on the phone with straight talk for 2 days trying to get the phone activated.The phone half worked only had data usage no texting or calls It went straight to Verizon when trying to call out....	0
"I bought a &quot;used&quot; cell phone, but you would have never guessed it has been used at all! It&apos;s in *perfect* condition, and I received it in less than a week (I hadn&apos;t been expecting it for at least another week).     Amazing, top of the line seller.     Thank you!"	1
I bought a 10pcs of them. And they all were problematic. There&apos;s a lot&apos;s of felx cables and they are really expensive and not easy to change. Touch screen responding ok but other HTC products do beeter job on this. It&apos;s really slow device. All navigation programs using too much memory to use them normal. There are not enought memory for programs as well. It is difficult to connect it to PC for sync. Phone ringing not as loud as I would like to. LCD is problematic too. They are starting to blink. Battery life is really poor. If you using hard your device with standart battery it would last for 2 hours at max. I was using extended battery and I&apos;m not using device hard so it lasts for me about a 14-16 hours. One thing that I like in this device is full qwerty keyboard.	0
I bought a 2 phone from this store and BOTH FUCKING PHONES WHERE UNDER LEASE!!! ONE WAS SEND BROKEN AND SHIPPED BACK AND NEVER FIX DO NOT BUY FROM THIS STORE 	0
"I bought a 902 phone for 4150 0n 6/19/10.  Today 6/29/10, I have NO TRAC # and NO PHONE.  Help    Abe U"	0
I bought a at&t phone received a spirit phone had to argue with the seller for 2 weeks telling them this phone is not a what I purchase seller begins to tell me they trying the phone out themselves it works I took the phone to my carrier they told me the phone was not fully unlocked contacted the seller again same response the phone is unlock put your son card in moving forward the phone is a spirit phone spirit does not let any other carrier beside boost mobile use their phone I'm so sick of arguing back and forth with this seller who does not want to return my money or give me the phone I purchase be aware before purchase 	0
"I bought a blackberry phone torch from American sellers. The perfect mobile phone and have a complete tool. I am very happy .. with a touch screen and slide opener. very different from the 8900 javelin blackberry I use for this. initial problems that I get is too sensitive on the touch screen and trackpad, but through the sensitive setting in the menu, just to work perfectly. Overall, I&apos;d recommend the phone if you&apos;re on a budget."	1
"i bought a car and had it shipped using DAS SHIPPING..ive complained and emailed 6 different times and have yet to get a reply....the car came to me dirty.. inside and out..it had been detailed...out of gas..it had half a tank...it wouldnt start...and the cover that was in the trunk was missing....the intake was covered in antifreeze and after speaking to the previous owner,,,nothing was wrong with the car....i will NEVER recommend or use this company to so much as ship a lawn mower......"	0
"I bought a cell phone because I could not afford a new one. The phone I bought was supposed to be rebuilt. My last phone worked great, this phone does not work indoors, and goes to rome from almost anywhere I&apos;m at. It also holds a charge for maybe a day if I&apos;m lucky. Was told that new batteries are installed, but I dont think this one was or its a very cheap battery. This is my first bad experience with e-bay. I guess now I know that phones should not be purchased on e-bay.We&apos;ll I guess it was fun while it lasted, Now I know not to shop on e-bay, and I will pass the word on to other friends. Now I have a junkie phone and no way of affording a new one with what I have in this one."	0
"I bought a cell phone from this guy off ebay, unfortunately it didnt work, even though the description said other wise, Had to send phone back on my money, finally got phone and then said he sent another one out, weeks went buy and still never recieved it, kept telling me he sent it, no proof, no confirmation no receipti;. NOTHING&lt; never recieved phone, wasted two weeks without a phone, very pissed off, finally returned my money."	0
"I bought a cell phone from this seller who stated that the phone was brand new and that he had only used it for two months and he switched carriers so he no longer needed it. Well, I went to activate the phone  at the Sprint store to find out the phone is still linked to another account and therefore they are unable to activate it and that there has been water damage to the phone. Plus, It took over a week and a half to receive the phone that I cannot use. I emailed the person twice afterward asking him to take the phone off of his account and or refund me and needless to say there has been no response. I would NEVER buy anything from this seller again!!!! I was completely scammed!!!"	0
"I bought a cell phone Motorola K1 blue from  huangxuezhi2010 at HONG KONG.  The item arrivel at expected time and without any problem, direct to my house, via brazilian mail.  The cell phone and sallera are execelenst!"	1
"i bought a cell phone on ebay. motorola t720, i buy phones all the time on ebay. but this phone i bought the sounds did not work on it, i dont understand why somone will put a phone on ebay and sell it, not telling the viewers the phone ring tones don&apos;t work. when you sell somthing, tell the truth about what you are selling. people are spending their hard earn money on ebay. and they don&apos;t want to be disapointed. i know i don&apos;t . i have a cell phone i will be selling on ebay soon, i bought the phone, but now i have went to another phone company so i don&apos;t need this one any more. i have spent so much money on phones from ebay sellers and some of the phones i have bought did not work like they said it would. so you waste money.. well all i have to say over all ebay has been good to me i must admit, i love shopping on ebay i buy lots of stuff. now i am buying movies and face products for my daughters. i have bought makup on ebay like mary kay, and avon.. i tell all my friends you need a computer so you can shop on ebay........"	0
"i bought a cell phone that was displayed with many accesories. all i recieved was a charger and a phone. he refused to overnight the battery which is essential to opperate a cell phone. i also told him the other items could come at a normal rate of postage, he agein, refused and told me to send the phone back. i actually like the phone so i bought a new battery on ebay from another seller. why would you sell a phone with no battery, it&apos;s so f-ing dumb. he said he would pay for my battery on ebay, but with this track record i ate the ten dollars. his pics were false and his integrity was lost with it. i do not understand why he has such a high rating. why would i eat the cost of another persons discretion, this is the first negative response i have written, and i hope it&apos;s my last. a simple solution of sending a battery asap turned into too much cost for him. it wasn&apos;t just the battery and a car charger and some other stuff. like i said to him, &quot;the phone is useless without a battery, i do not care about any other thing.&quot; please second guess this seller, why would i pay shipping back to him when he dismissed a simple request."	0
I bought a cell phone which did not comply with what was said. It said it was 100% functional and it resulted in a serious WiFi failure. I could not return it because of my country's return policies but I thought it was a lack of respect on the part of the seller to sell something in poor condition.	0
"i bought a cell phone you guys send me a JUNK and now 14 days after i send the JUNK back i still dont reicive the money that i pay for it, so PLEASE IF YOU TRIED TO BUY SOMETHING ABOUT THIS SELLER cellular stream you better think about it cause they are not serious people"	0
"i bought a cell phone you guys send me a JUNK and now 14 days after i send the JUNK back i still dont reicive the money that i pay for it, so PLEASE IF YOU TRIED TO BUY SOMETHING ABOUT THIS SELLER cellular stream you better think about it cause they are not serious people"	0
"I bought a cellphone from this seller and they advertised it as a cellphone that includes a charger and battery. I was sent the phone but the phone was sent out with no battery. Then I try to resolve the issue with the seller, only to get a run around. BUYER BEWARE! SAVE YOURSELF FROM THE HASSLE AND JUST DONT DO IT! "	0
"I bought a couple of these phones 9 out of 10 work fine,one the digitizer was bad,but for the price u can't complain."	1
"I bought a galaxy s4 from this sealer and it does not work well. When I receive calls, I cant be heard by the caller and they cant hear me. I must call them back several times before the phone starts to work properly. "	0
"I Bought a Huawei Mate 8 from this supplier from UK. They sent me wrong charger for UK use. I found terrible service, ignorant customer service. Every time I asked a question they either were very short and avoiding the question or did not provide a satisfactory answer. After complaining to eBay they reluctantly  sent me another charger which took weeks to receive it.  "	0
I bought a iPhone 4 and yes it during the holidays so I didn't mind that the item was sent days late but upon activating the T-Mobile phone it cuts out and can have a conversation with this phone. I'm very disappointed and will not give this buy anything but a poor rating.	0
I bought a iPhone 6s from this seller some weeks ago.  After waiting for almost 2 weeks I finally got a delivered notification on my eBay platform but the phone never came.  After sending him several mails he refused to reply.  All he keep saying was that he sent the phone and it was delivered.  I started blaming the post office.  After proper investigations by the post office they found out that the tracking number he gave me was also used to send an item to another person.   So he gave me a tracking number that was used to send an item to someone else and I have no idea how he manipulated it.  That item was delivered to that person while it was showing delivered on My platform on eBay.  Till now he had refused to reply my emails.  Usps even gave me the receipt he used to send the mail.   So his a fraud.  And I hope you burn in Hell for defrauding me.   Im already taking it up with the police.  	0
i bought a iphone from the seller and paid him the next day he cancelled it and re-listed the item he sent me an email saying he did not want to send the item i didn&apos;t ask him to cancel the order	0
I bought a iphone which was extremely bad and i discourage other to bay from this place. Sorry this is not good...	0
"I bought a kx12 for its&apos; supposed ruggedness. What a mistake it was. Almost from the start I had problems with it shutting itself off. Not often at first, but as time went on, it got to be a real problem. Hit the send key, nothing would happen because it had shut itself off. Other times it would shut off while not being used. It also had a bad habit of cutting off calls when you tried to answer them. The vibrate mode was almost useless as it was usally not noticable. The phone has a bunch of ring tones built into it, but most are useless as they can&apos;t be heard under normal circumstances as the ringer volumne is way to low. The speakerphone sometimes was almost impossible to turn off once it was turned on. This was a real problem if it got turned on accidently. The speakerphone worked well if it was functioning properly though. The looks of the phone are not pretty, but I bought it because it was supposed to be rugged. When I sent it in, they said the circuit board was cracked and wouldn&apos;t be covered by warranty. The phone had not been abused, so much for rugged part. I didn&apos;t even inquire as to the cost of fixing it. I just told them to send it back that way as I didn&apos;t feel it was worth fixing. After reading some other users&apos; reviews of this turkey, I realized even if they fixed it, I still wouldn&apos;t have a phone that would work to satifaction. I will replace it with something else. And this time I&apos;m checking reviews first, not after the fact. Avoid this phone like the plague!"	0
"I bought a lenovo S750, I am very pleased with it, very good price for a phone and postage super. The dealer was not a problem. The phone is not without fault. For the same price I would have certainly bought this phone again. I recommend to everyone."	1
"I bought a LG G3 phone, can not use the phone, the SIM card reader does not work, I get in touch with the seller, he accepts the return, then I return the phone; And he receives it, neither returns the reenbolso, but it does not give the telephone to me. He tells me to get in touch with ebay."	0
I bought a lg scoop off ebay and don&apos;t like it so thought i would like this one.it is light weight and seems like it will work for me.thanks tami	1
I bought a lot electronic through internet. This is the first time I have problems with an article. The phone started to fail once I used it. I reset to factory and the problem was still there. I contacted the seller and he answer that the phone was shipped checked so he give me no solution So my experience is really disappointed with the product but also with the seller. If you can buy from someone else	0
"I bought a Motorola RAZR V9M (Sprint) from this guy. The cell phone was claimed new when listed at ebay. But when I received it, I found the cell phone was used and the headset was missing. I couldn&apos;t trust this guy any more."	0
i bought a motorola v810 phone it will not charge and it didt have a place for a sim card                   sam	0
"I BOUGHT A MOTOSLVR L6 END OF SEPTEMBER FROM THIS SELLER....HOWEVER WHEN I RECEIVED THE PHONE IT WAS A BROKE PHONE THAT WOULD NOT POWER ON AFTER CHARGE....THEY TOLD ME TO SEND THE OTHER PHONE BACK FOR EXCHANGE DID SO THEY TOLD ME AFTER A WHOLE MONTH THEY STILL HAVE NEVER RECEIVED THE PHONE BACK....SO THEY SAID THEY WOULD SEND OUT ANOTHER PHONE ON NOVEMBER 1, TODAY IS THE 22ND OF NOVEMBER AND I HAVE NOT RECEIVED A PHONE I BELIEVE MY MONEY HAS BEEN TAKEN....I DONT RECOMMEND YOU BUY FROM THIS SELLER BECAUSE ITS PROBLEMS FROM THE START.....BROKE PHONES.......MONEY GRABBERS...WATCH OUT....."	0
"I BOUGHT A MOTOSLVR L6 END OF SEPTEMBER FROM THIS SELLER....HOWEVER WHEN I RECEIVED THE PHONE IT WAS A BROKE PHONE THAT WOULD NOT POWER ON AFTER CHARGE....THEY TOLD ME TO SEND THE OTHER PHONE BACK FOR EXCHANGE DID SO THEY TOLD ME AFTER A WHOLE MONTH THEY STILL HAVE NEVER RECEIVED THE PHONE BACK....SO THEY SAID THEY WOULD SEND OUT ANOTHER PHONE ON NOVEMBER 1, TODAY IS THE 22ND OF NOVEMBER AND I HAVE NOT RECEIVED A PHONE I BELIEVE MY MONEY HAS BEEN TAKEN....I DONT RECOMMEND YOU BUY FROM THIS SELLER BECAUSE ITS PROBLEMS FROM THE START.....BROKE PHONES.......MONEY GRABBERS...WATCH OUT....."	0
"I bought a new in box Galaxy S6(from ebay), and it worked fine for a 3-4 months. I had a couple of times where the phone wouldn't TURN ON. Eventually it worked after rebooting. then one day, it wouldnt turn on again, and Every combination of vol down and power, vol up +home +power, etc was tried but to no avail. The phone is a brick now, i will be lucky to sell it for $25, when I paid $249. I liked a lot of the features, unfortunately this is a very UNRELIABLE PHONE. I wanted to switch over from Apple to Android, but got burnt in the process. bottom line-iPHONE IS STILL THE BEST"	0
"I bought a new Samsung Galaxy S5 sold by jxp011126. unfortunately, the Phone is not working properly. since, i have been email  and  asking for a return address and still can't have it from the seller. the post office is not recognize the address the seller gave me.  now i am going to contact ""eBay"" costumer service to help me found the seller. "	0
"I bought a new Samsung note 9. Unblock ,took my phone to metro PC  and they couldn't make my new phone work,  I need a replacement with a phone that works"	0
"I bought a Nokia 5130 phone, a shit phone.  wired headphones do not work, bluetooth headphones are not connected.  just threw away the money"	0
"I bought a Nokia 6010 mobile phone that was supposed to be &quot;Unlocked&quot;.  Instead, I was sold a complete piece of garbage that didnt work at all.  This is a total scam."	0
"I bought a Nokia 6010 mobile phone that was supposed to be &quot;Unlocked&quot;.  Instead, I was sold a complete piece of garbage that didnt work at all.  This is a total scam."	0
"I bought a Nokia 6010 mobile phone that was supposed to be &quot;Unlocked&quot;.  Instead, I was sold a complete piece of garbage that didnt work at all.  This is a total scam."	0
I bought a Nokia 6061 to upgrade from a Nokia 3021. I am not a flip phone person but I really like this phone the volume is fine its like the person is sitting next to me my husband saw my phone now he wants one I really highly recommend this phone who really like flip phones or Nokia phones.	1
I bought a Nokia 6126 to replace the 6i26 I&apos;ve used for years. This mobile phone will not connect to AT&amp;T. It continues to give me the &quot;No Network Coverage&quot; message when I try to make a call. I would expect a phone described as being in &quot;Fair Condition&quot; to at least connect a local call. Our other two mobiles continue to connect normally without interruption  AT&amp;T coverage here is impeccable. On January 6/12 I was told I would be sent a replacement for this phone. I&apos;m still waiting.	0
I bought a Nokia couple weeks ago. It was ok it was used little bit but condition was good except battery????  Battery lasts only half hour then it&apos;s gone. Anyways i&apos;m still using it thank&apos;s	0
I bought a nokia e66 but is not working.I do not know exactlly what is the problem but i do not have signal most of the times. the camera and video module is not working as well.	0
"i bought a nokia sirocco and all ive had is trouble with it it is def. a fake ive contacted the seller but he is no longer replying he,s had the money and run , a bit gutted"	0
I bought a note 4 from this seller and was in the listing there was a small scratch on the screen so I asked specifically if a glass screen protector would go on without a bubble and no matter what you can't get the bubble out of the middle of the screen because the light scratching is gouges in the middle of the screen so I now have a 200 dollar  phone that I can't put a screen protector on.	0
I bought a phone a I thought it was awesome till I woke up tried to use my phone and it wouldn't let me. So i call at&t who informed me that the phone was locked down because it's a stolen phone. Please be aware you mite get a good deal but you could also wake up and be told the phone you got is stolen.  I informed this company who told me well you got a year worth of use so be grateful! Are you kidding me!!	0
"I bought a phone and it was shipped the next day, I received it new in the sealed box very good seller."	1
I bought a phone and Seller sent it to an unknown address in a different state not the address on my order. I opened up a claim seller would not refund my money and eBay resolve the case on the sellers part because the phone was delivered keep in mind it was delivered to an address that I do not know and I did not asked to be delivered to that address its in a state that Ive never even visited. The seller should have been ethical and refunded me my money back when they made the mistake of shipping it to someone else. BE AWARE OF SELLERS ETHICS	0
i bought a phone from these people Because the reviews were decent however when I receive the phone it did not want to work and I had to put my own sim in it and it still did not want to work they are lucky samsung is willing to fix it for free. Save your time and money! & do not message me asking if i want to exchange because that sh*t cost money. 	0
I bought a phone from this guy on 10/01/08 and it was sent to the wrong address and i have been trying to contact him by phone and his mail box is full.. so i guess I&apos;m not the only person who didn&apos;t get there phones or packages. Now it is 11/05/08 and still don&apos;t have my phone or my money back! all i can say is I&apos;m not a person who is hard to please. But this is unreasonable. So if you want your phone or package to come to you.. don&apos;t order from this guy. But if you want to call him here is his number (407)-474-5549 and hear it for your self.. his box if full! thank you for reading.	0
I bought a phone from this person. They shipped it fast and it works great...I would so buy from this person again. Thank you	1
I bought a phone from this seller and before I bought it I called him and asked if anything was wrong with the phone he said nothing was wrong. I got the phone a few days after I paid for it which made me very happy except when I tried to use the phone it was not getting signal it kept cutting off. I took it to a shop and when they opened the phone up it had some sticky brown liquid in the inside on the motherboard. The shop said that it was not repairable and that I needed to get my money back. Don&apos;t buy this Motorola I885 it has liquid damage and the seller knows exactly what is wrong with it don&apos;t fall for it like I did also when I told him it was broken he tried to play dumb and that he didn&apos;t know nothing was wrong with it don&apos;t be a fool like I was.	0
I BOUGHT A PHONE FROM THIS SELLER AND HAD PROBLEMS WITH MY CARD SO IT WAS DELAYED IN PAYING FOR THIS ITEM...BUT THE SELLER TRIED AND PLAY GAMES WITH SHIPPING IT OUT AFETR I PAID FOR IT.THEY SAID I WOULD RECEIVE IT BY THE 19TH BUT I DIDNT SO I REQUESTED A REFUND BECAUSE I WENT OUT AND BOUGHT ME ONE...  THE SELLER ISNT CORRESPONDED AT ALL...I WOULD NEVA ORDER ANOTHE ITEM FROM THIS SELLER..THEY VERY UNPROFESSIONAL IN BUSINESS....I SENT THEM A MESSAGE AND THEY REPLIED WITH NEGATIVE FEEDBACK....BECAUSE I WAS LATE IN PAYING THEY DECIDE TO MAKE ME WAIT ON MI PHONE...HOW LOW DOWN IS THAT WHEN WE HAD ALREADY TALKED ABOUT WAT HAPPEN WIT MI CARD.....WELL I REQUESTED MY REFUND AND THEY SAID THEY GONNA MAKE ME WAIT JUST AS LONG AS THEY HAD TO WAIT TO RECEIVE THE PAYMENT....  WOULDNT BUY FROM THEM NEVER AGAIN	0
"I bought a phone from this seller, the phone was NOT UNLOCKED. No code worked. Reached out to the seller, he said he would send me another one, havent heard from him since, ignored all emails, and no phone was sent. Do not trust!!!"	0
I bought a phone it looks like it been in water it said it has a front and rear facing camera it dont the phone was supposed to be like new it was nowhere near looking it came in dirty stuff stuck all over the screen im very disappointed in this purchase i got for my child	0
I bought a phone it worked perfectly camera is awesome I will continue to buy more phone from them 	1
"I bought a phone off of this seller and he would not send it to me and still took my money, i eneded up filing a case with ebay to get my money back"	0
"I bought a phone that worked for a couple of days then the screen would turn white, the battery would go low even if I just charged it. Not satisfied and it was a waste of my money!"	0
I bought a phone them and it does NOT work. Tried e-mailing them over and over NEVER got a response!!! 	0
I bought a phone thru this &quot;vendor&quot; and I havnt recvd it . I left a message and didnt recive a response. I think they might have taken the money without sending me anything.	0
I bought a phone was to be unlocked and 100% working order. Phone was unlocked. However ear piece doesnt work and no response from seller after I had already left a good review because up to that point the phone worked as should ( no phones calls up to this point). Later that night a friend called and I could only talk to him threw the speaker. Emailed seller no response and Ill need phone within the next two days so limited on my option. So I take it the Batterys + Bulbs because they worked on my iPad. They tell me if its the ear piece its going to run 80 dollars again I have no other option since I need a working phone for work. They call me later on in the day and tell me whoever repaired this phone last time left a screw out of the ear piece speaker so it wasnt in it location. So poor workmanship and still no response from the seller. Make your own decisions on this. But it was my experience with this seller.	0
"I bought a phone, and the description said it was in good working condition. However, when I received the phone, it didn&apos;t work at all. I am very disappointed."	0
"I bought a phone, description was correct. Phone was in perfect working condition, compatible with my phone server. Price was cheap, even after adding shipping costs."	1
i bought a pre paid phone for a good price and it is a goog phone and it is workin g very well  thank jc.	1
"I bought a Samsung Galaxy S5 phone that was listed as ""New Factory Unlocked"". When I received it, it was in fact a Verizon phone Un-locked. I wrote a review on ebay and stated that how come a Verizon phone be a 'Factory Unlocked'?. Immediately Nancy (Client Satisfaction Manager) from Laptopaid emailed me that she will bribe me 30$ and told me to change the review to positive.  After three days, the phone screen turned Greenish-Yellow. Showing it has been refurbished. I returned it to Laptopaid, they sent me 30$ less for the actual amount. They wasted my 3 weeks. They use unfair means to turn their negative and true reviews to positive ones. Please beware of their high points on Ebay.  Thanks."	0
"I bought a Samsung Intercept from this seller.  In the description, he stated that there was a &quot;bad spot&quot; in the top right hand corner of the phone.  When I received the item, there was a crack on the inside of the LCD screen that went from the top right hand corner to the middle of the left hand side of the phone.  When I emailed him about it, he responded with a detailed discription of how the &quot;bad spot&quot; happened saying that it had been dropped and that is what caused that &quot;bad spot.&quot; That discription would have been nice when he was selling the item.  The screen was damaged and wouldn&apos;t allow you to see the screen on any and all parts that the &quot;bad spot&quot; touched.  The seller also didn&apos;t seem to want to resolve the matter with me at all so I had to file a claim with ebay protection.  I&apos;m using my husbands ebay account and am somewhat new to ebay.  I was very disappointed in the undetailed discription that let me to believe the phone was in good condition."	0
"I bought a Samsung Intercept from this seller.  In the description, he stated that there was a &quot;bad spot&quot; in the top right hand corner of the phone.  When I received the item, there was a crack on the inside of the LCD screen that went from the top right hand corner to the middle of the left hand side of the phone.  When I emailed him about it, he responded with a detailed discription of how the &quot;bad spot&quot; happened saying that it had been dropped and that is what caused that &quot;bad spot.&quot; That discription would have been nice when he was selling the item.  The screen was damaged and wouldn&apos;t allow you to see the screen on any and all parts that the &quot;bad spot&quot; touched.  The seller also didn&apos;t seem to want to resolve the matter with me at all so I had to file a claim with ebay protection.  I&apos;m using my husbands ebay account and am somewhat new to ebay.  I was very disappointed in the undetailed discription that let me to believe the phone was in good condition."	0
"I bought a Samsung Intercept from this seller.  In the description, he stated that there was a &quot;bad spot&quot; in the top right hand corner of the phone.  When I received the item, there was a crack on the inside of the LCD screen that went from the top right hand corner to the middle of the left hand side of the phone.  When I emailed him about it, he responded with a detailed discription of how the &quot;bad spot&quot; happened saying that it had been dropped and that is what caused that &quot;bad spot.&quot; That discription would have been nice when he was selling the item.  The screen was damaged and wouldn&apos;t allow you to see the screen on any and all parts that the &quot;bad spot&quot; touched.  The seller also didn&apos;t seem to want to resolve the matter with me at all so I had to file a claim with ebay protection.  I&apos;m using my husbands ebay account and am somewhat new to ebay.  I was very disappointed in the undetailed discription that let me to believe the phone was in good condition."	0
"I bought a Samsung SGH Memoir T929 and I am very impressed by the quality of pictures that you can take with this phone, also is very useful when trying to surf the web and when using the Internet to check my emails.  I got this phone because the camera, and I am very pleased wit it."	1
"I bought a Sanyo phone, what came was a China knockoff model MM-5500, it does not have any boot up screen, just a white screen with no menu.Completely worthless!First I was shipped the wrong product, then after about two weeks,the phone shows up, Phone is from China, battery is from China, even the box is from China, I HATE CHINA!!!!!!This thing is a piece of sh_t!I would ask for my money back, but I am just tired of the whole thing, never again!"	0
"I bought a smart phone from this seller. I was so exited to get this phone. When i called Verizon to activate it, they told me that the phone was lost or stolen. So it was no good to me. I emailed seller my situation and he assured me i would be reimbursed the cost of the phone and shipping. I sent the phone back believing i would get my money back. I never did."	1
"I bought a smartphone n7000. Paid on April 16, 2014. And I pay a little extra donated dollars to fund the orphanage.  Got a smart phone in the mail June 15, 2014  But now, one month is not over yet, but he no longer works.  There stood Android 2.3.6, which is slower.  Decided to reflash the firmware branded Android 4.1.2 - N7000XXLSZ_N7000OXELS7_N7000XXLSO_FACTORY_SER   The inside flash memory is not fully reached and into error -  a problem with flush memory.  Now do not be sewn in any way - does not work!  I contact to the service center Samsung, but they refused to accept the repair because the Chinese smartphone!  Where can it be repaired?  Regret buying and money spent in all 270 usd !"	0
I bought a Sony phone from this seller at a high price and said the phone was new but when the phone screen was broken and opened to fix it I was surprised that the phone was open before and its parts are old and there is a screw missing and the battery is very old and scratches	0
"I bought a used Nokia 6360 AT&amp;T wireless cell phone with charger about a month and a half ago. I was pretty disappointed because it didn&apos;t look like the picture. It was much longer than a typical cell phone, very old and pretty battered.  The sad part is that it was my very first EBay purchase.  It didn&apos;t leave the best taste in my mouth, however, I may still make a future purchase someday on EBay."	0
I bought a used note 3 that this person Said had no cheaps or dents in ad. I even email and asked if phone was in mint condition. And he said yea. I paid top dollar for this phone! I do not recommend buying anything from this person!	0
"I bought a used one through ebay for $35.00.  I had to return the first one because no one could hear me.  I am not totally happy with this phone, either.  I still do not know how to delete a phone number from my contact list.  Scrolling through my contacts is very difficult.  I finally realized I should use a pen.  However, this morning I scratched the screen with a pen.  It is also difficult to answer the phone."	0
"I bought a used Samsung Galaxy S8+ rated a 9 out of 10 by the seller from the light scratch marks on the screen, but I would give it a 10 out of 10. From what I saw this ""used"" phone looks brand new. And as new as the phone is and as expensive they are in the stores I got a great deal on it."	1
I bought an activated Sprint phone from this buyer. He will not answer my questions and is still selling. BEWARE!!!	0
"I bought an additional NEC 525 HD, as a back up of my two existing phones (one is my wifes&apos;).  After three years, the batteries still carriy a 4-day charge (down from 6) and they work great on the AT&amp;T Wireless / Cingular / back to AT&amp;T Wireless network.  The only thing that is not up to date is the lack of a mini SD card slot (can not increase storage), and does not take video (only pictures).  Other than that it is a great phone, and with the data cable and supplied software you can sync with your computer.  Also you can surf the internet / text message / e-mail / instant messenger."	1
"I bought an additional NEC 525 HD, as a back up of my two existing phones (one is my wifes&apos;).  After three years, the batteries still carriy a 4-day charge (down from 6) and they work great on the AT&amp;T Wireless / Cingular / back to AT&amp;T Wireless network.  The only thing that is not up to date is the lack of a mini SD card slot (can not increase storage), and does not take video (only pictures).  Other than that it is a great phone, and with the data cable and supplied software you can sync with your computer.  Also you can surf the internet / text message / e-mail / instant messenger."	1
"I bought an additional NEC 525 HD, as a back up of my two existing phones (one is my wifes&apos;).  After three years, the batteries still carriy a 4-day charge (down from 6) and they work great on the AT&amp;T Wireless / Cingular / back to AT&amp;T Wireless network.  The only thing that is not up to date is the lack of a mini SD card slot (can not increase storage), and does not take video (only pictures).  Other than that it is a great phone, and with the data cable and supplied software you can sync with your computer.  Also you can surf the internet / text message / e-mail / instant messenger."	1
"I bought an iPhone 4s but the seller send an iPhone 4, which is different in technology and price. Later on, I got arrogant response from the seller and menacing too. And still today I get negative and menacing comment from him"	0
I bought an iphone 4s itunes blocked for parts (I needed the display). When the technician has removed the smartphone  the touch contact was broken and there not work. From a locked phone the only thing you can recover is the display but since the display conditions have lost almost $ 50 for nothing. I'm sorry because I expected to have made a good deal with this seller! 	0
I bought an iPhone 5c. They never intended to sell. Never mailed it out. Filled a report with eBay. 	0
"I bought an iphone 6s from this seller, he said it was 100% functional, but the device came without running self camera and it shuts off alone and it only works when it wants, seller does not want to trade or reimburse, dishonest seller "	0
"I bought an Iphone 6s with 128GB and I was sent an Iphone 6s with 32GB of storage.  I used the Iphone for 3 days with AT&T.  Then I did a complete reset on the phone because all of my data did not load properly from the cloud.  The phone locked me out the AT&T sim card.  When I went to the AT&T store, they told me that this was not an AT&T phone as I had been told.  I looked up the IMEI number and it was listed as a Japanese carrier only.  "	0
"I bought an iPhone 7 case and received an iPhone 6plus glass cover, the seller doesn't even refund not sends me another case the correct case,very y bad customer s ervice skills "	0
I bought an iPhone 7 from this seller and 9 days later nothing has been shipped. I need my money back. He doesn't answer my messages. Done. Period. 	0
"I bought an iphone 8 plus and before buying it I asked the seller if it come with a charger and he said yes, besides that it took a while to get the phone and without the cable, I sent him a message and said he would send it but never came."	0
I bought an iPhone from this seller and canceled last minute when it was suppose to be mailed. I was refunded but would be cautious instead of wasting your time. 	0
"I bought an iPhone in auction WEEKS ago, even paid right away and hes yet to ship it much less mark it paid. Guess I lost money on this. big shock. "	0
"I bought an Iphone recently, and the part that i love about it, it is just everything, Its amazing how the wifi device works perfect and how the other features works too. The touchscreen and the fingertips are amazing, I never tryed something like this before, because the Iphone recognize diferent ways of touch. Its amazing. I recommend"	1
"i bought an Iphone, it was damaged, i fixed it but seller is nor responding to my messeges for more than 3 weeks and i cannot use it , because it is on sellers iCloud."	0
I bought and paid for an item from this seller and a few days later she emailed me saying she couldnt find the item I purchased!  Lets hope i get my money back!	0
I bought and paid for an item from this seller and a few days later she emailed me saying she couldnt find the item I purchased!  Lets hope i get my money back!	0
I bought and paid for an item from this seller and a few days later she emailed me saying she couldnt find the item I purchased!  Lets hope i get my money back!	0
"i bought as a gift to my wife, so i surprised Excellent phone, exceed my expectations. Have great fucntions, it comming with described it."	1
"I bought cell phone, but it wasnt good moreover they sell this phone as a unlocked but its locked.I am really very unhappy."	0
I bought December 27 return it he had no money in PayPal so I am still waiting for my money and it January 25 	0
"i bought dis fone cuse is very nice,, an is touch screem, an the price is very low, not like other fones,,i reccomanit dis fone 2 yall...very nice fone excelent fone good looking fone i like it ,,i enjoy my new fone yall should get one it works good..."	1
I bought dis phone because I needed a phone and I like the htc brand its a great phone the dis likes about dis is the screen is coming off and now it wont send pictures and its clitching the battery life after I got it wasn&apos;t holding for all day the likes on dis product is the 3d camera and these phones are about close to 500 dollars to bye and its a good phone but the screen is messed up I cant put my case on it  its a better phone then some of the other ones I have had in the past.     thank you for your time   Devon  may god bless you	0
I bought five item from the seller and everything was just perfect and accurate great seller fast delivery even though he doesnt charge you for shipping I highly recommend	1
"I bought for my brother as a senior friendly phone .  However, although the phone was new, it would not connect to provider network.  Roaming mode was all it would do and he could not receive or make calls.  He couldnt use it. We were able to get a full refund from seller though. "	0
i bought for my daughter birth day gift and she really like this phone.Thanks you very good service and fast to delivery too.	1
I bought for my kids to use as an iPod but I didnt realize what the software 7 version meant. The seller did I guarantee it. It means it isnt supported anymore. You cant download any apps to it. They mostly all require iOS 9 or higher. This phone shouldnt be sold to anyone  and the fact that the seller doesnt accept returns shows that he knows hes selling a useless piece of equipment. 	0
i bought for used in mexico when come back i keep but this phone is bad not good you are calling and the calls drop any time iam calling and later got strange noisise signal is not good phone is bad	0
"I bought from Bidallies a &quot;fully refurbished&quot; phone and when I received it, it would not charge.  I contacted Bidallies and was told to return the phone for a replacement.  Of course, I had to pay S&amp;H myself, even though they were at fault.  I received the replacement phone, and it will not charge either!  I DO NOT RECOMMEND BUYING A CELL PHONE FROM BIDALLIES UNLESS YOU INTEND TO INCUR FURTHER EXPENSES RETURNING AND/OR HAVING TO REPAIR THE PHONE YOURSELF!"	0
I bought from this seller and found it not new. 	0
I bought from this seller before i like the product and when i bought another phone i went back to this seller.and shipping was free and it arrived fast	1
i bought from this seller Samsung Galaxy S4 SGH-M919 16GB Black Mist T-Mobile Cracked LCD.seller wrote wrong imei.also phone have not full parts.some parts are damaged and not subject to recovery.	0
i bought from this supposed place thinking my phone was going to be useable when this company or person or persons knew that it was not scanned or useable but sold the product anyway and refuse returns. I think this sounds fraudulent and the phone devices might be stolen. I do not know for sure. I never ever want to deal with a company like this who sells people stuff that is messed up or not functioning at all brand new or not. You knew this and still sold it to people. This is wrong and scandolous and you should be dealt with.  Scamming people is wrong and selling them products that they cannot use is messed up. The product was brand new but you cannot use it. The intended use for this product is to make calls not emails and a dead paper weight. Very unsatisfied and feel cheated out of money i deserve to get back. Even if you described it as not been scanned it sounds suspicious and untrustworthy. If this is how a business is run. Consider the better business bureau and others getting involved so stop selling things that cannot be used or damaged period. 	0
"I bought from this vendor. I made payment, but soon received that item was not in stock, but will be available in one week. But after one week, when asked about availability I did  not get any answer. Still after two weeks I did not get any response from this vendor. So, I do not recommend to buy from this vendor."	0
"I bought 'Google Pixel' from this Seller. The Shipping was so fast, Response of seller was kind to me :) But, Just that was all. The Seller wrote condition of Phone is 'New' (not New others) and 'No Scratches', but It has been used and also has cracked and scratches. (I asked how long days you used this phone when i received it because phone condition looks like not NEW) I did trust seller, and bought it with expensive than used condition with cracked google pixel. The seller never let me notice its condition until i complained seller after received product. I just wanted to hear 'I didnt see its conditon details, Sorry' from seller. So I told him show your conscience, but seller said like 'so what'. That is why I gave this rate just 1 of 5 But I have no any plans return, because I'm already paid pixel's things a lot, and also tired of searching again. I think this seller had no bad intentions, but they didnt saw conditions details and didnt notice me about that and last, they did hide used and cracked/scratches conditions. That is why i was angry even it was my first eBay experience. :( Thanks."	0
"I bought his daughter to school. Sorry if that does not break. Terrible quality. Scrapie case back curve.  The screen is cheap at the touch of a finger does not work, just a fingernail or stylus. Camera in it bad quality 320x240.  I do not advise buying myself I will not buy. This is a terrible opy phone. Shipping came broken, the box fell apart."	0
"I bought his phone to replace one I was having trouble with. To begin, it was supposed to be NEW when it arrived, but unfortunately was a reconditioned phone...IE, used !! After activation, it seemed like the microphone in the mouthpiece was defective whereas nobody could hear me on the other end of the phone except when I spoke extreme LOUDLY !! I called back the supplier, but no additional phones like this were available so I returned to sender for a refund. Not happy !!!"	0
I bought Huaweria x u9000 for my personal use. I would say that this is AWESOME!!! excelent mobile. cheap and well-working. It arrived very fast an i am very pleased with this product. if i had money i would buy it again. when i showed it to my friends they were very surprised and wanted to buy it for themselves as well. this phone is very nice and most important it is very cheap.	1
"I bought I phone 5 was blocked is not working and been checked I found out the phone was stolen , it cost me 400 � pound ,still waiting for refund  over then 3 month , I do not recommend  to any one"	0
I bought I phone and when I activated the speaker was blown and no mention of that in the notes.  Very disappointed 	0
"I bought iPhone 3 gs , it was very good condition and fast shipping so I feel very happy .... Best seller A++++++"	1
I bought IPHONE 6S Send me the magazine spoof Asshole liarI bought IPHONE 6S Send me the magazine spoof Asshole liarI bought IPHONE 6S Send me the magazine spoof Asshole liarI bought IPHONE 6S Send me the magazine spoof Asshole liarI bought IPHONE 6S Send me the magazine spoof Asshole liarI bought IPHONE 6S Send me the magazine spoof Asshole liarI bought IPHONE 6S Send me the magazine spoof Asshole liar	0
I bought iPhone from someone who did not say in the ad that the screen was changed I do not recommend dealing with it	0
"I bought Iphone se, they said It's manufacture refurnished but lcd had crack, housing was broken, battery status was 92%. I live abroad, so It's difficult to return. but who want to buy this kind, should attention it. "	0
I bought iPhone Xs max and when revived its not iPhone its fake. Doesnt have find my iPhone and apple store not working and all iCloud and other Apple apps not working only look at it.	0
"I bought iPhone. in perfect working order! very much the seller! seller helpful, just get in touch. quickly help solve the problem! all very recovered"	1
"I bought it  because i had no other choice.  I thought the person would be honesst about their product, but they werent.  My phone stopped working and i asked for a refund and got no response!!!! verryyy dissapointed."	0
I bought it and never received this item. I claimed on ebay resolution center and they haven&apos;t reimbursed it to me. I can&apos;t believe this and obviously isn&apos;t satisfied this transaction.	0
"I bought it and the battery is possibly damaged, the charge three times a day is depressing, you can not remove the shutter sound from the camera. Depeceptor."	0
I bought it and the seller decided to cancel the transaction.  I was fairly happy with the seller but overall I felt irritated and annoyed.	0
I bought it and when its its arrived i was so happy to see it looks like brand new Iphone. Then after  month silence button and touch pad is not working and phone is not charging too . then sent to apple center they said bunch of parts are third parties so they ask me where am i going to repair it or recycle it? cause its gonna cost me almost 300 dollar . then i recycled it	0
I bought it as a birthday gift for my niece although it was in a case it fell once and it broke .. the seller promised me a refund after I sent them the tablet which they promised they would fix which they didn't so they ask me to buy another one I said no so they promised me a portion back of the refund it has been almost a month since they got the tablet back and yet I never got my portion of the refund they promised me I checked my PayPal and my credit card and there was no refund and now they said they have nothing they can do now about it. Worst seller ever 	0
I bought it as a gift and I never negleted buying it. All features are loved and easy to use. 	1
I bought it as a gift for my daughter.  She wanted it based on the features and size.  She uses it as her mp3 player as well. She says that it is easy to text with. She loves the phone and it works well for her.	1
I bought it as a gift with case it's great 	1
"I bought it as a replacement phone for a friend. It is loved by both of us! I liked the fact that it came with the battery and was in my price range. It is not the high tech to do, but, it doesn&apos;t matter because it will still serve it&apos;s purpose! Love the phone!"	1
"I bought it because i like flip phones and this one was stylish in looks and is practical, and easy to use with good battery life.It is slim, and fits in my pocket, and because it is a flip,the screen dosen,t get scatched or marked."	1
"I bought it because I love this phone, I like their various functions, if I could buy again .... I liked the attention qe the seller had with me even after I ask him to look at other options for sending, he finally found the cheapest ... I am very grateful because it was my dream of having a phone ...."	1
I bought it because I needded a back up phone.  In the discription it said that i would get a car charger too.  It is the wrong one.  I am waiting for a respnse from the seller.	0
I bought it because I needed a cell.  I do not agree with what you buy because I thought it was the phone. But if I can return it.  THIS PRODUCT CAN NOT COMPARE WITH OTHER BECAUSE you can not use. ALSO IS THE FIRST TIME I HAVE A BAD EXPERIENCE WITH EBAY.	0
"I bought it because I needed a new one. I selected this brand and model based in the information published in media.  The most I love of my new cell is the camera, it is fantastic. The touch screen is very sensitive and sometimes when I am making a call the earring activated other functions.  I am very happy with my cell but I think that when I will buy another I will buy newest model, technology evolutes faster than feelings."	1
I bought it because I needed a phone and computer in one and this is the phone I luv luv luv it  so this is the perfect combo if u need all in one	1
"i bought it because i needed a phone that does more than what i had before, i needed a way to be more social. i love all the apps i could get on it. i hate how slow the phone was and the battery dies very quikly, and freezes up almost all the time nomatter if you have nothing running and it acts like its not able to send messages sometimes even if it has great signal. No i will not buy the product again unless it was faster and had no glitches."	0
i bought it because i needed but i couldn&apos;t see clear by the photos how damage the item was so i was very desapoiment with my purchase	0
i bought it because i needed but i couldn&apos;t see clear by the photos how damage the item was so i was very desapoiment with my purchase	0
i bought it because i needed but i couldn&apos;t see clear by the photos how damage the item was so i was very desapoiment with my purchase	0
i bought it because i wanted a new phone. i love it and all of it&apos;s features.. i&apos;d recommend this to anyone.	1
"I bought it because i would use it. I never got the item, That&apos;s what i dislike. And i didn&apos;t get my money back. I don&apos;t like anything about it."	0
"i bought it because it is a economic wi-fi phone, i use it every day and have no problem with it, people ask me where i bought it, i love it..."	1
"i bought it because it is a economic wi-fi phone, i use it every day and have no problem with it, people ask me where i bought it, i love it..."	1
"I bought it because it was 3G and supposedly &quot;unlocked&quot;. Well it&apos;s NOT unlocked, the features are not as user friendly as the older 2G version but otherwise I am thrilled with the HTC Dash 3G. Thethers perfectly to my macbook!"	1
I bought it because it was a great deal and I could save some money...and I needed the phone I&apos;m a truck driver and I needed a good phone for work	1
"I bought it because it was cheap and in decent condition. Phone works fine, had wear and tear like described."	1
"I bought it because the item description said that cell phone has unlocked quad band, 1.3mpx camera and other things.  I paid inmediatly, the item was sent about a week later and I receive it a three or four weeks later.  Surprise!, I receive a dual sim phone with dual band (900/1800Mhz) and 0.3mpx camera (VGA).  I do not write about the problem with the seller, I do not want to lost my time in this topic.    The phone has a dual led lamp very useful (we have many electric faults in my country in the night), has a radio with incorporated antena that I use for news on my work, because in my country we have many problems of delinquency and we need to stay informed any time.  The cell phone works fine only with 900mhz frequency sim available in my country.  In my country exist also operators with 850mhz and 1900mhz bands (not with 1800mhz band), the cell phone do not work with this bands.  The phone is average quality in materials and the battery life is average too, my problem with this phone is the bands and poor camera (0.3mpx is not same 1.3mpx).  The phone would be an excellent tool for me, if he had complied with the features that the ad said it was, obviously not quite meet all my needs, so I&apos;ll have to discard when you have enough money to replace it."	0
i bought it because the razr is the easiest and best phone to operate easily worth every penny. the phone was in good condition and functioned perfect	1
"I bought it believing I could use it for any company, due to the fact it was factory unlocked!  Not so, I have to find company telephone from, to actually get it unlocked to be used the way I thought it could be when purchased!"	0
I bought it but didn&apos;t receive I bought it but didn&apos;t receive I bought it but didn&apos;t receive I bought it but didn&apos;t receiveI bought it but didn&apos;t receive I bought it but didn&apos;t receiveI bought it but didn&apos;t receive I bought it but didn&apos;t receiveI bought it but didn&apos;t receive I bought it but didn&apos;t receiveI bought it but didn&apos;t receive I bought it but didn&apos;t receiveI bought it but didn&apos;t receive I bought it but didn&apos;t receiveI bought it but didn&apos;t receive I bought it but didn&apos;t receiveI bought it but didn&apos;t receive I bought it but didn&apos;t receiveI bought it but didn&apos;t receive I bought it but didn&apos;t receive	0
i bought it cause i need a new phone worked excellent everything no need to buy a new sim car cause it works with the one i have the only thing i didnt like is that i had to buy a new battery but appart of that i made a great deal.i decide to buy it case i need a new phone more advanced in some features and for the look	1
I bought it due to price and reputation. Now let me talk about the great service. Any idiot can give good service when things go right. The cream rises to the top when things go wrong as it did with my order. I got the phone in a timely and speedy manner. I opened it and it didn&apos;t work. I emailed Green Earth and the return was handled quickly and I got my new phone PDQ. I will use them again.	1
I bought it due to price and reputation. Now let me talk about the great service. Any idiot can give good service when things go right. The cream rises to the top when things go wrong as it did with my order. I got the phone in a timely and speedy manner. I opened it and it didn&apos;t work. I emailed Green Earth and the return was handled quickly and I got my new phone PDQ. I will use them again.	1
"I bought it for a cousin, and the second day, he called me, because he went out on vacation to costa rica, he said all the board bottoms were off, I send e-mails and they did not say anything...."	0
"I bought it for a cousin, and the second day, he called me, because he went out on vacation to costa rica, he said all the board bottoms were off, I send e-mails and they did not say anything...."	0
I bought it for a friend. I have an Iphone already. but she was looking for this type of cell phone :)	1
I bought it for my 11 year old son because it seems very sturdy.  We think it was the right choice.He loves the design of the phone   and the colors that were available were very modern.	1
I bought it for my 82 yr old mother. It has been easy for her to use because it has such large numbers on the dial screen. We&apos;re working on learning to text.	1
"I bought it for my brother, who only cares for talking and short, simple texting. This is good value for the money."	1
I bought it for my dad because he is older and also has huge hands. He absolutely loves it. Thank you so much for such a great gift. 	1
I bought it for my daughter and she cant stop taking about it  	1
i bought it for my daughter andhe is very happy with it. it is a touch tone phone and it has internet.	1
"i bought it for my daughter for a pre pay account but this phone is old tech. no one will service the account,to old of a phone......great paper weight though.."	0
I bought it for my daughter who now hates it although she picked it originally.   What can i say? I bought it for my daughter who now hates it although she picked it originally.   What can i say?	0
"i bought it for my GF cuz she lost hers and she didn&apos;t have insurance on it, she really loves that cellphone"	1
I bought it for my grandaughter... She loves purple.  Only the phone came in Spanish... Had a terrible time figuring out how to get it to English.  Once I did.. She loves it!	1
I bought it for my Granddaughter and she likes it very much. She needed a phone so i bought her one.	1
"I bought it for my husband since his screen shattered on his phone and when I got it in the mail it had 4 big cracks in the screen. This was the old cricket phone so when I tried to hook it up I couldn&apos;t so it was a wast of money and time to buy it, especially since it was a broken phone!"	0
I bought it for my mam who has had one but it broke it lasted her years and she found it very easy to use and she liked the fact that it flashed when ringing and also still flashed if you had a message or missed call so you always knew if someone was trying to contact you even if you did not hear it.  She wanted a similar phone but i have found the exact match she will be over the moon.	1
I bought it for my mother but the phone is nice. Fast also	1
"I bought it for my sister because she needed a phone... I never expected to get what I got... The phone was filled with some other persons information, and the phone was unable to be charged for some reason.  Not to mention it was unable to be activated... I was very upset with that purchase.  To make matters worse they were very unplesant.  They never returned my emails about how I wanted a refund and it took over 2 weeks to have the whole process done... I was a very unhappy camper... Thank you"	0
I bought it for my son   I wo1uld not buy from this person again I have had to spend $97.81 on this phone because the phone charger port was not working properly therefore I would not buy from this provider  Karen Jones	0
"I BOUGHT IT FOR MY SON BECAUSE HIS PHONE BROKE. WITHIN THE FIRST 3 WEEKS OF HAVING IT I HAD TO SEND IT BACK 2 TIMES,BECUASE IT HAD PROBLEMS.THE E-BAYER I BOUGHT IT FROM WAS VERY HELPFUL ABOUT IT. AND ALSO TOLD ME ON THE SECOND PHONE CONVERSATION THAT THAT PHONE WAS NOT A VERY GOOD PHONE. I WISH I WOULD HAVE KNOWN THAT BEFORE MY PURCHASE. NOW I A&apos;M STUCK WITH IT AND MY SON WILL NOT EVEN USE IT.    DAVE"	0
"I bought it for my son,because i already had one.The one i had i was very impressed because of the features ,before android and iPhone became popular.The phone has front chat camera,but in the USA wasn&apos;t working because of the providers service.Very good Walkman player with clear voice and 8 GB internal memory.                                            Wasn&apos;t easy to get a good headphones for it and connector port after like 2 year of use became loose. If you like the music and need just the regular email check ,and don&apos;t care about Youtube and touch screen,that is a good compact cell phone.                                                The phone where i bought on Ebay i can&apos;t use,because it is locked to UK provider...So be sure if it&apos;s unlocked before you buy..."	1
"I bought it for my teenage son, had everything he was looking for and it was new and fairly inexpensive.  Only wish he hadn&apos;t lost it 2 weeks after he got it.  Bummer!!!"	1
"I bought it for the camera knowing that the features on the phone were a little outdated. But not even the camera on the phone is very good at all, would not recommend to anyone. It is extremely slow, very bad battery life,"	0
I bought it hoping to use it with &quot;data usage&quot; and could not ever get any help in securing that service so I am not using it.  Very disappointed.  I was going to get three more but I will not now.	0
"I bought it in February. I had an error on it so sprint prepaid told me to do a master reset. Now it says the Android isnt working. Took it to the store to see if they can fix it, they tell me i have to pay $75.00 just for them to look at it. I didnt pay anything. I call the company again and the representative told me i need to pay $25.00 then they will mail me a new one. What do you do when your only making ends meat? The company was not willing to work with me. My suggestion is dont buy this phone."	0
I bought it it worked only 6 months after 6 months its broken I call the company and not body answer my complaint.  I lost my $250.00	0
I bought it on june 1st for 100.00 and it stopped working 2 weeks later.  It was never dropped and it never got wet.  I contacted the seller that i bought it from and they pretty much said oh well...the sale was final and i am out 100.00 and a phone.  So i guess my first and only experience buying something on ebay was horrible and i seriously doubt if i ever purchase anything off of here again.  I am aware that it isnt fully ebays fault for the phone it was the sellers and i guess it just taught me that if something seems too good to be true it is!!!!	0
"I bought it out of necessity.  I have been diagnosed with cancer of the tongue and am about to have surgery which will remove at least 50% of my tongue, all my teeth and all the limp nodes in my throat.  I will have a tube out of my throat to breath and a tube down my nose to my stomach to receive nourishment so I&apos;m not going to be talking for awhile.  Text-messaging and e-mail are going to be my only form of communication I&apos;ll have for awhile and everything I have read about the Q&apos;s performance and knowing there is no better brand than Motorola I chose the Motorola Q. My mistake was buying used from an individual instead of buying new or at least refurbished by a dealer with a good track record.  I think a new one would work like a dream and be everything most people would ever need.  The only suggestion I have is Motorola should design a stylus especially to fit the small buttons on the Q and it would be perfect."	0
I bought it refurbished. It looks new!	1
"I bought it thinking it looked like a nice phone, but when i got it it was flimsy. Then my daughter dropped it and it broke after a month."	0
"I bought it to play music in my shop via my WIFI.  It does work, but some of the apps I wanted are  incompatible, plus the ones that do work keep stopping and having to be restarted.  Not really good for this use.  Be wary, the phone started locking up and having to be restarted (remove battery, disconnect charger).  I returned it within the allotted period and was charged a $4.00 (25% of item price) restocking fee for a faulty item, plus Ebay charged a $4.30 shipping fee."	0
"I bought it to replace my smart phone, as i am no longer using data. I know it was advertised as new but there was paint over spray in the battery compartment and the cover was a different shade than the rest of the phone. I don&apos;t feel it was new and the sound quality was very bad and the phone froze up from the minute ATT switched it over. I did  return it at my expense and got a refund. So this purchase cost me ten dollars to return and I had no phone."	0
"I bought it to replace the identical model that had gotten wet and didn&apos;t opperate any more.  This phone may be slow in the texting area, but receives a strong signal where others fail, has excellent quality sound in hands free mode, and acess the internet at 3G speed without being a smartphone and incurring extrra charges."	1
I bought it used so I&apos;m sure the seller knew there was something wrong with it already. It quit working after a month of buying it.	0
"I bought it while i was trying to figure out which phone to switch to from a Nokia 6030.  I bought several actually.  Liked the LG ALOT..great features, big screen, colorful, easy to use.  I just prefer a &quot;candy bar&quot; style phone as opposed to the slide of the LGF7200...just Personal preference.  Highly recommend it!"	1
"I bought item on the 28-th of April and I paid instantly.  I requested to send shipping notification.  I had not heard or received anything from the seller.  On the 8-th of May I sent e-mail inquiring about detailed status of the item.  The seller replied on May 9th that the item got shipped.  Next day on Ebay he posted that the item was sent on the 10th.  He did not reply to my e-mails requesting shipping details.  The item should have been sent via US Postal Service Priority Mail Small Flat Rate Box and I paid for that, but it was send regular mail as I fond out when the item was finally delivered on May 14th. I left positive feedback for him in spite of communication and shipping issues. The seller wants to get paid fast and by the same token I would like to get my purchased items without unnecessary delays."	0
I bought like new but it has a lot of marks 	0
"I bought mine direct from bestbuy and i am so happy with my purchase. It was on sale for 499. It came without the original box but the accessories were included. What a great savings! I didn't see any dents, scratches, chips or anything. It just looks brand new. Am planning to unlock this as this is locked for ATT. Performance wise, i never ran into hiccups or anything unusual with this phone. Battery life was normal. Save yourself some money. "	1
I bought mine second hand. It's a great value with the speed and response I need. I don't know what small form factor means but the large screen with the same performance as my HTC M9 is what I was looking for. I got It and much more	1
"I bought more KA09, because it is small, it has a simple menu and easy to handle. But it hasn&apos;t got hungarian language and I have to charge it daily. All in all, I appraise the KA09 cellphone as &quot;excellent&quot;."	1
"I bought motorola because I was inbetween plans and decided it was a good buy. I am dissapointed with the phone. The connection between the top and bottom has a short in it. It works, but it works when it wants to."	0
"I bought multiple units and they each broke simultaneously. It is a software issue known to Kyocera, yet they refuse to fix it. After a few months of use, each of them simply says ""Type password to decrypt storage,"" despite there being no password. The phone does nothing other than display that message. Kyocera customer service told me that they're aware of the problem, it is not fixable, and they apologize for the inconvenience but are not willing to replace my phones. If not for Kyocera customer service being a complete joke relative to the likes of Samsung, this phone would have been worth something. Instead, Kyocera has made the decision to have worse customer service than the United States Postal Service. I have literally experienced superior customer service at the DMV. Shame on you, Kyocera. Long live Samsung et al."	0
"I bought my &quot;MINT CONDITION&quot; Refurbished phone from Wireless Bliss and when I got it in the mail I was very excited. That excitement did not last very long though! The BATTERY this seller sent with my phone was a knock off brand, not samsung. And it had a large dent in it and never charged enough to even turn my phone on!(TALK ABOUT FRUSTRATION!!) I tried to call the seller with the number that had been supplied in the shipping box and the number was disconnected. Then I tried to go to the seller&apos;s ebay store to contact them and their store did not exist! I have written that I want a return and still have not heard from Wireless Bliss. PLEASE if you want to buy a good phone, don&apos;t use this seller, you will be JUST AS SICK AND DISAPPOINTED AS I AM!! HUGE WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY!!!!!!"	0
"I bought my first Devour right before Christmas, using my money I received as a gift.  From the first day, it seemed I would have issues with the screen freezing, but I assumed because I wasn&apos;t used to a touch screen.  Then came times when calls wouldn&apos;t come in, or i couldn&apos;t call anyone else.  My wife would try to call me from in the same room I was in, and it would go right to voice mail.  After several phone calls to Verizon, they said it was a programming issue, and they sent me a new phone, or what I was told was a new phone.  Sadly to my surprise, when I got the new phone, it wasn&apos;t new at all but simply refurbished.  After a few weeks, the replacement phone started doing the same thing for a few days, then it was fine......till 2 weeks ago.  Now its exactly the same issues as the previous phone, including not letting me answer the phone, or hanging up on people that call me.  Stay away from this phone, if you want to save yourself time and heartache.  I am buying a new phone, and throwing this one in the trash!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"	0
I bought my first LG realm over 2 years ago & had to replace it with the updated discontinued model. This phone is so easy to use & is the perfect in between size for what I use it for. I'm sad it has been discontinued but I'll deal with that issue in another 2 years when this one needs replacement.	1
"I bought my husband the phone for christmas with them telling me they did a test call, well when i gave it to him you can&apos;t hear him talk and the phone was beat up when it said minor wear and tear but there was a lot more then that. So then i write them and basically told me its not there fault it didn&apos;t work correct but then they send me a new one and this one just echos.Not to mention when i sent the old one back i accidently left the memory card in it and i know thats not thier fault but i wrote them and told them and they said they would send my memory card back but never did. I would NEVER buy off them again and i recommend you dont either. DOnt make the same mistake i did."	0
"I bought my husband the phone for christmas with them telling me they did a test call, well when i gave it to him you can&apos;t hear him talk and the phone was beat up when it said minor wear and tear but there was a lot more then that. So then i write them and basically told me its not there fault it didn&apos;t work correct but then they send me a new one and this one just echos.Not to mention when i sent the old one back i accidently left the memory card in it and i know thats not thier fault but i wrote them and told them and they said they would send my memory card back but never did. I would NEVER buy off them again and i recommend you dont either. DOnt make the same mistake i did."	0
"I bought my Rumor Touch because I wanted a new phone that fit my needs,but not too complicated.So far, I am very happy with the simple,yet effecient function of this phone. Super easy to text,or attatch a picture to a message. One touch social networking,is a breeze. I linked my E-MAIL to it, and I can check it with one click also. I delete useless E-mails throughout the day,and I don&amp;apos;t have a full box  at night. It has a full Q-WERTY slide out keyboard,and it seems to be a lot tougher than most true smart phones.It takea a nice picture,no flash though. I would reccommend this for an entry level smart phone,or if you don&amp;apos;t need a $400 phone. I am very happy with it. It is a solid,well made phone from LG. I have several other LG products in my home,so I went with an LG phone, and I am glad I did."	1
I bought my wife and I each a Blackberry 8530.  Excellent phone with so many features and apps.  Very easy to use and very satisfied with my decision.  We are now loyal Blackberry users.	1
"i bought myself a unlocked iphone 3gs 16gb for my b-day,as soon as i got the phone it was not unlocked and its a version 4.1 which cant be unlocked. i disputted it and ebay let the seller keep the money so now i have a 350.00 paperweight. im trying to sell it but with no luck. I WILL NEVER BUY ANYTHING AGAIN FROM EBAY,THEY ARE NOT FAIR IN MY EYES!!! I WILL SHOP ON ANOTHER WEB SITE WHERE THEY ARE FAIR. I GOT RIPPED OFF BY THE SELLER AND EBAY!!!! BE VERY CAREFULL WHEN ORDERING ANYTHING OFF HERE."	0
"i bought myself a unlocked iphone 3gs 16gb for my b-day,as soon as i got the phone it was not unlocked and its a version 4.1 which cant be unlocked. i disputted it and ebay let the seller keep the money so now i have a 350.00 paperweight. im trying to sell it but with no luck. I WILL NEVER BUY ANYTHING AGAIN FROM EBAY,THEY ARE NOT FAIR IN MY EYES!!! I WILL SHOP ON ANOTHER WEB SITE WHERE THEY ARE FAIR. I GOT RIPPED OFF BY THE SELLER AND EBAY!!!! BE VERY CAREFULL WHEN ORDERING ANYTHING OFF HERE."	0
"i bought myself a unlocked iphone 3gs 16gb for my b-day,as soon as i got the phone it was not unlocked and its a version 4.1 which cant be unlocked. i disputted it and ebay let the seller keep the money so now i have a 350.00 paperweight. im trying to sell it but with no luck. I WILL NEVER BUY ANYTHING AGAIN FROM EBAY,THEY ARE NOT FAIR IN MY EYES!!! I WILL SHOP ON ANOTHER WEB SITE WHERE THEY ARE FAIR. I GOT RIPPED OFF BY THE SELLER AND EBAY!!!! BE VERY CAREFULL WHEN ORDERING ANYTHING OFF HERE."	0
"I bought NEW LG COOKIE PINK UNLOCKED T-MOBILE TOUCH PHONE KP500 on May 16. The phone didn&apos;t work with missing accesorries so contacted seller but seller&apos;s respond was terribly slow. Finally got an exchange on June 6 but the phone was BLACK where I ordered PINK and the phone didn&apos;t work either. Sent a lot of emails with complaints but still terrible communications. Told me they will call but never did. The seller left me no choice but had to request for refund and leave negative feedback.     If the product works from the first place, it would be no problem. But once you have a problem, you will find VERY DIFFICULT to resolve the problem. Not recommend to buy product from this seller."	0
"I bought NEW LG COOKIE PINK UNLOCKED T-MOBILE TOUCH PHONE KP500 on May 16. The phone didn&apos;t work with missing accesorries so contacted seller but seller&apos;s respond was terribly slow. Finally got an exchange on June 6 but the phone was BLACK where I ordered PINK and the phone didn&apos;t work either. Sent a lot of emails with complaints but still terrible communications. Told me they will call but never did. The seller left me no choice but had to request for refund and leave negative feedback.     If the product works from the first place, it would be no problem. But once you have a problem, you will find VERY DIFFICULT to resolve the problem. Not recommend to buy product from this seller."	0
"I bought NEW LG COOKIE PINK UNLOCKED T-MOBILE TOUCH PHONE KP500 on May 16. The phone didn&apos;t work with missing accesorries so contacted seller but seller&apos;s respond was terribly slow. Finally got an exchange on June 6 but the phone was BLACK where I ordered PINK and the phone didn&apos;t work either. Sent a lot of emails with complaints but still terrible communications. Told me they will call but never did. The seller left me no choice but had to request for refund and leave negative feedback.     If the product works from the first place, it would be no problem. But once you have a problem, you will find VERY DIFFICULT to resolve the problem. Not recommend to buy product from this seller."	0
I bought new lg g2 for 318 $ and gifted to my friend. she says it is not working properly. We trust ebay sellers and spend huge amounts. How can you send defective mobile? now how can i trust sellers and make future transactions in ebay?	0
"i bought nokia  5310 xpressmusic 2 week ago, the phone not working  right ,a lot of thing he didn&apos;t tell in defined, i never buying something like that in ebay , never buy anything from 248 jigan_82 ,"	0
i bought nokia 5230 through ebay n im quite happy with this decision that i chose the right seller..	1
I bought Nokia 6111 for international use and after purchase he send me an e-mail asking for what carrier I will be the phone used. I told him its for international use. He honestly told me that this phone is not compatible for international use and offered me refund. I highly recommend such honest businessman.	1
"I bought one because it was cheap. I spent $50 on it. Soon after purchase I started having problems with the touch screen and i bought a new one, problem fixed. Later the software had to be reinstalled on it because of some issues during calls. I changed the main board because of a short circuit and the battery because it was fried by the main board. Shortly I spent more than $100 to repair it."	0
I bought one brand new in a sealed package.  It couldn&apos;t recognize its SIM card even after re-inserting it.  Tracfone replaced the SIM but then it couldn&apos;t connect to the voicemail sytem. I got a different phone.	0
I bought one from ebay...it came shipped with a broken hinge...the seller said that I shouldn&apos;t buy from ebay things can be broken. She was a new seller and had not mentioned that the phone was broken at the hinge. She said it broke with in 6 months of use. I would not buy another one now.  :(	0
I bought one from him about a month ago and still have not got it . I email him and no response called him left voice mail and still no response this guy sucks I will never buy from this liar again so I&apos;m out 520.00 as far as I know!!!!!!!!!!!! I&apos;m pissed	0
I bought one it doesn't have a camera 	0
"I bought one item from this seller , poor quality and he refused to return it . Be careful "	0
"I bought one item from this seller , poor quality and he refused to return it . Be careful "	0
"I bought one of the T39m&apos;s sold from Hong Kong around 2007-01-01.  I&apos;ve never owned a so-called real T39m, but I don&apos;t see obvious problems with fabrication quality, and it does find the network and have decent reception.  There are stories on the web about poor reliability of T28 and T39m when they were originally sold, and also it sounds like Ericsson&apos;s repair shop in the old days was thoroughly incompetent, frustrating lots of people.      And if it&apos;s true these are ``fake&apos;&apos; chinese phones, clearly they have access to Ericsson&apos;s software and production lines, so much of what once made these phones so amazing is still there.  but...I doubt the story.  My phone came with R2G firmware (press &gt;*&lt;&lt;*&lt;*), and the latest is R4A or R4B.  Wouldn&apos;t a ``fake&apos;&apos; phone use the latest firmware?  secondly, the KRC code at the top of my sticker, ``KRC 114 1425&apos;&apos;, 114 is a phone originally sold SIM-locked in Thailand.  so I guess they are using plausibly-fake serial number stickers, too?  no, it&apos;s too congruent.    _THAT SAID_, the microphone is too quiet.  The other party always complains.  It is such a big problem I have switched back to my T28.  It&apos;s a show-stopper for someone who&apos;s buying a phone like this---someone who wants ``a phone that&apos;s just a phone, but a damn good one.&apos;&apos;  And this is suspicious, because the T28 has the same microphone exactly.  In fact, I thought ``maybe it is a chinese case but Ericsson guts, and the microphone is part of the case, so they substituted some arbitrary garbage like they always do.&apos;&apos;  I swapped the microphone for one removed from the flip of a genuine T28.  still quiet.  Maybe they corrupted some audio calibration while unlocking it?    Second, the Bluetooth doesn&apos;t work.  At first I thought it was just some ``profile compatibility&apos;&apos; garbage because I was trying laptops or crappy Motorola headsets, but I bought an Ericsson CAR-100 which is definitely on the compatibility list, and it won&apos;t pair.  I have no idea how they managed to break the Bluetooth.  (yes, the AVR and ARM firmwares do match.)    so.  in short, there are a lot of wild rumors and a lot of Chinese-hating flying around about this latest batch of suspicious T39m&apos;s.  I think the speculation is largely just silly.  However, I still wonder where so many are coming from!  And AFAICT there are real, show-stopping problems with this batch of T39m&apos;s (unless they all had much worse microphones than the T28 and fantasy-bluetooth only).  sorry."	0
"I bought one of these back in 2010 and loved it.  It&apos;s not a smart phone or an iPhone, so there&apos;s a lot it doesn&apos;t do (no apps, for instance, and it seems to have a problem displaying received texts that include emoticons), but it was so durable and reliable and I loved it.  I had it for 4+ years and it was still going strong. Then, a couple weeks ago, my purse was stolen, along with my Rumor Touch.  I then got a new, all-touchscreen phone the next day (no slider phones to be found), which I used for two weeks, but I couldn&apos;t stand its interface (and it had terrible sound quality) so I looked for and found the Rumor Touch here on eBay.  I have never been so relieved and happy as I was when I switched back to this new Rumor Touch.  Sanity was restored.      One day maybe we&apos;ll all have to have all-touchscreen phones, but, until then, I will cling to my Rumor Touch.  It does everything I really need it to do: can check and write e-mails, can look things up on google and wikipedia, can watch YouTube videos, can text super quickly and easily, and can talk on the phone!  (Some cell phones these days -- like the Kyocera I had for two weeks -- are terrible for actually talking on the phone.)  It can sometimes be a little slow and a little glitchy, but nothing major or chronic.      This phone has a user-friendly slide-out qwerty keyboard, a user-friendly display, good sound quality on phone calls, and a very long battery life.  I am just really happy with it.  The old one was a little work horse, and I expect this one will be, too.  If you like a tactile keyboard and a solid phone that gets you on the internet but not all the fancy apps, this is a good phone for you."	1
"I bought one of these from our carrier for my wife after I bought a G2 for myself. Her phone rocked. It is the most user friendly phone (for a hardware ""hacker"" (half-a**ed anyway)) that can be completely taken apart and parts are plug-in, not soldered in. So, when my G2 stopped being so wonderful I bought this one for myself. $85.00. Checked it out for a few days and then bought another one for my son (he had a Fire phone which was also going a little wonky. So now we have 3 LG G4s. If they break I can order parts and fix them at the dinner table. Who could ask for more.  If you care: the G4 allows up to 128 GB micro sd card. These guys were extremely clean and have been with us now for over a month without any issues. Arrived in a timely manner with all the advertised bits and bobs. This was a fantastic deal, but you might not want to buy one because I am thinking about buying another one just in case we need a backup;)>"	1
"I bought one of these from this seller and it was as described, 9 out of 10 condition. Very small number of very small very inconspicuous flaws, some of which were not detected until after multiple close examinations.  Software appears to be fully stock never rooted."	1
"I bought one of these in February 2015 and it worked like a champ till August 2016 when the battery started dying early, screen went white.  I decided to keep it as another little device for maps, camera, etc.  Bought another LG Optimus from eBay, $26.95 with shipping.  This one holds a battery charge for 24 hours and dies.  Screen has often gone white.  Notified the seller, he said it's up to Tracfone to back up the warranty.  Notified Tracfone and they said they do not honor warranties from sellers on eBay and such, very sorry.  I'll keep it for the rare times I use a phone and keep the charger handy.  Actually, 18 months for the first one isn't a great deal, even though the phone was only $20.  There's enough junk in land fills to keep from adding junk like these phones."	0
I bought one of these phones for my daughter for Christmas and it was dead within 5 months. My daughter wanted another one just like it and I found on on ebay for a reasonable price. The second phone died just over a month. Please don&apos;t waste your money on this phone. My daughter had it in a hard plastic case at all times.	0
I bought one of these phones for my daughter for Christmas and it was dead within 5 months. My daughter wanted another one just like it and I found on on ebay for a reasonable price. The second phone died just over a month. Please don&apos;t waste your money on this phone. My daughter had it in a hard plastic case at all times.	0
I BOUGHT ONE OF THESE PHONES FOR MY SON AND LOVED IT. I CAN REGULATE WHO CALLS HIM AND WHO HE CALLS. HE IS 8 AND GOES TO GRANDMAS AND HIS UNCLES OUT OF TOWN A LOT AND IT IS A GOOD WAY FOR ME TO BE ABLE TO TALK TO HIM WHILE HE IS AWAY. IT IS ALSO VERY EASY TO PROGRAM AND USE. MY SON ENJOYS THE ANIMATION ON IT AS WELL AS THE COLOR DISPLAYS. THE ONLY THING I HAVENT FIGURED OUT IS IF I CAN DOWNLOAD ANY RINGTONES ON IT.	1
I bought one of these. Just received and checked it out by running water but it was not resisting like the original one. not worth of buying. 	0
"I bought one of this Note 4  The Note 4 I got was refurbished !!! With the app ""Phone INFO *Samsung*"" from Vndnguyen you can do a ""Refurbishment Check"" it say about my phone: ""WARNING: Manufacturing Date does not match with the Serial Number"" + Marshmallow was installed = Did not exist when this phone was manufactured !!  Incorrectness with my Note 4: # Phone box was wrapped in shrink plastic = Never have my earlier bought Samsung phones here in Sweden had shrink plastic around the box  The box security seals ( from Samsung ?) was not broken = The seller replied to me they always check the phones so they are okey before they ship them = So the seller have authorization/permission from Samsung to mount new security seals and, after that, shrink plastic the box ? + The box outer middle stripe should correspond to phones color my Black phone should have a Black striped box, it have a White striped box !!  Inside the box = Charger was not a fast charger !! = This was a big selling point with this phone !! + The earphones had the worst sound quality I have heard since the 70's !! + The left earphone have a loose part inside that rattles + No different sizes silicon plugs was included so the earphones does not stay in my ears !! + The tool and extra tip for the S-Pen was not included"	0
"I bought one of this Note 4, a black one  The Note 4 I got was refurbished !!! With the app ""Phone INFO *Samsung*"" from Vndnguyen you can do a ""Refurbishment Check"" it say about my phone: ""WARNING: Manufacturing Date does not match with the Serial Number"" + Marshmallow was installed = Did not exist when this phone was manufactured !!  Incorrectness with my Note 4: # Phone box was wrapped in shrink plastic = Never have my earlier bought Samsung phones here in Sweden had shrink plastic around the box  The box security seals ( from Samsung ?) was not broken = The seller replied to me they always check the phones so they are okey before they ship them = So the seller have authorization/permission from Samsung to mount new security seals and, after that, shrink plastic the box ? + The box outer middle stripe should correspond to phones color my Black phone should have a Black striped box, it have a White striped box !!  Inside the box = Charger was not a fast charger !! = This was a big selling point with this phone !! + The earphones had the worst sound quality I have heard since the 70's !! + The left earphone have a loose part inside that rattles + No different sizes silicon plugs was included so the earphones does not stay in my ears !! + The tool and extra tip for the S-Pen was"	0
"I bought one of this Note 4, a black one  The Note 4 I got was refurbished !!! With the app ""Phone INFO *Samsung*"" from Vndnguyen you can do a ""Refurbishment Check"" it say about my phone: ""WARNING: Manufacturing Date does not match with the Serial Number"" + Marshmallow was installed = Did not exist when this phone was manufactured !!  Incorrectness with my Note 4: # Phone box was wrapped in shrink plastic = Never have my earlier bought Samsung phones here in Sweden had shrink plastic around the box  The box security seals ( from Samsung ?) was not broken = The seller replied to me they always check the phones so they are okey before they ship them = So the seller have authorization/permission from Samsung to mount new security seals and, after that, shrink plastic the box ? + The box outer middle stripe should correspond to phones color my Black phone should have a Black striped box, it have a White striped box !!  Inside the box = Charger was not a fast charger !! = This was a big selling point with this phone !! + The earphones had the worst sound quality I have heard since the 70's !! + The left earphone have a loose part inside that rattles + No different sizes silicon plugs was included so the earphones does not stay in my ears !! + The tool and extra tip for the S-Pen was"	0
"i bought phone  november 27,2010. i got the phone  january 17, 2011. the phone does not work.   wendell bond"	0
"I bought phone from this seller 01/05/2019 and  they didnt ship my phone ,they didnt answer my mesaj and finally I took my money back."	0
"i bought rim blackberry 7290 (at&amp;t) some weeks ago, and note book, as write to you now both iterms are not in good condition,am surpraise about ebay, selling things like that i have a friend call Janet Adu-boahen she also said she bought blackberry 8320 from ebay it cost her $160.00 like 4 weeks now the 8320 blackberry  is is not working when some one call her the phone dont ring you will only see miss call. for the matter she stop using it.you have to be carefull with things you sell on line or ebay, i always disagree with people when they talk about ebay but now i have confirm what they have been saying.  thanks stephen"	0
I bought s6 edge plus ftom this man and I can say only the best..	1